for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2-hour running time . 
it is psychedelic , hypnotic , exhilarating and horrifying , and sometimes all at once . 
nair and writer laura cahill dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life . 
reign of fire may well be the most grim dragon movie ever made -- and it's all the more effective for the filmmakers' decision to play it straight . 
what could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent . 
unlike the nauseating fictions peddled by such 'have-yourself-a-happy-little-holocaust' movies as life is beautiful and jakob the liar , the grey zone is honest enough to deny the possibility of hope in auschwitz . 
nair doesn't use [monsoon wedding] to lament the loss of culture . instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions . 
too bad maggio couldn't come up with a better script . 
this is just lazy writing . even kids deserve better . 
life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why . 
half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder . . . would be more at home on a daytime television serial . 
the talk-heavy film plays like one of robert altman's lesser works . 
it's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey . 
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin . 
sweet home alabama certainly won't be remembered as one of [witherspoon's] better films . 
i'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about . 
like other almodóvar films , it delights in its scandals . but its sensitivities are extravagant , which means it's one of the most beautiful black comedies ever made . 
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital . 
gangs of new york is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up . 
while there are times when the film's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it doesn't . 
drumline is a movie that treats its characters and audience with respect ; it can't be accused of being a dumbed-down teen comedy . 
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself . 
a witty coming-of-middle-age comedy with hilarious performances by first-time director tony shalhoub and wife brooke adams . 
the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon . 
this goofy gangster yarn never really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle -- a well-intentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring
was it too much to ask to have one tank blow up one dragon ? what the hell ? ! 
it's predictable , but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth . 
it's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage . 
the acting is just fine , but there's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff . 
there are touching moments in etoiles , but for the most part this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject . 
there's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale . 
what the director can&#8217 ; t do is make either of val kilmer&#8217 ; s two personas interesting or worth caring about . 
it has the charm of the original american road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker's motherland . 
all in all , the animation is what cracked my urge to despise this squeaky cartoon . 
neil burger here succeeded in . . . making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present . 
the farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest , yet its diverting grim message is a good one . 
it's not an important picture , and probably not even a memorable one , but i had a good time . 
mcconaughey's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script . 
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved . 
full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . by that measure , it is a failure . 
the acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with csokas particularly unconnected . 
such a good-looking picture deserved to have more depth and unpredictability in its story . but it does stand out as a personal and unique entry in a time-worn genre , and that may be good enough . 
a stunning piece of visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in australia's film history . 
if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon didn't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it . 
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f . kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative . 
whenever you think you've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . but , no , we get another scene , and then another . you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain . 
the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers . 
one of [jaglom's] better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love . 
little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick . 
even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , miller's hand often feels unsure . 
abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed . the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care . 
this is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever . 
a garden-fresh morality tale for the kids , with monty python-inspired humor . 
overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste . 
purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that u . s . foreign policy has played in the rise of castro . 
the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness . 
in adobo , ethnicity is not just the spice , but at the heart of more universal concerns . 
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn . 
a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers . 
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust . 
with exquisite craftsmanship . . . olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society . 
mark pellington's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth . 
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special . 
viewed as a travelogue of the little-known indian community that prospers on a little-known island , trinidad , the mystic masseur is successful . 
femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ? 
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real—she can't provide any conflict . 
the film engages with the divergent paths taken , linked by childhood friendship and a mewling kitten , but a third act event is presented so abruptly it confuses the viewer until it rebounds somewhat with a satisfying closure . 
chan's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy . 
the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless . 
" "" one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? "" um… . . isn't that the basis for the entire plot ? "
this is the film training day wanted to be . 
despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away . 
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is . 
despite the film's shortcomings , it's still a solid effort and a thought-provoking look at idealism gone wrong . 
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning . 
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers . 
muccino is honest in the emotional damage left by his immature men and passionate in his portraits of twentysomething commitment-phobes struggling against growing up . 
why spend $9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ? 
a remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution . 
it doesn't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one's imagination will lead when given the opportunity . 
barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful . 
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms . ambrose . 
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . 
if borstal boy isn't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece . 
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around . 
feels like one of those contrived , only-in -hollywood productions where name actors deliver big performances created for the sole purpose of generating oscar talk . 
 . . . manages to fall closer in quality to silence than to the abysmal hannibal . 
as surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming . 
like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . 
at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . 
works better in the conception than it does in the execution . . . winds up seeming just a little too clever . 
schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that's enough to sustain laughs . . . 
savvy director robert j . siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense . 
bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies . this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer . 
parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . but mostly it's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . 
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming . 
impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation . . . just about as chilling and unsettling as 'manhunter' was . 
an atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding . 
a depressingly retrograde , 'post-feminist' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women . 
it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition . 
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters . 
most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there . 
the actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect . the characters never change . 
if you're not totally weirded- out by the notion of cinema as community-therapy spectacle , quitting hits home with disorienting force . 
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . where's the movie here ? 
naipaul fans may be disappointed . those who are not acquainted with the author's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep . 
this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years . 
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg's the prince of egypt from 1998 . 
an unsentimental albeit heartfelt eulogy to the firefighters who paid the ultimate price while saving new yorkers . 
" "" argento splatters her colorful life on the screen like an adolescent's diary , trusting others to sort through the fascinating mess . "" "
impostor doesn't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast . 
the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness . 
nothing's at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away--still , the derivative nine queens is lots of fun . 
red dragon is less baroque and showy than hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than silence . but , like silence , it's a movie that gets under your skin . 
cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer . 
beers , who , when she's given the right lines , can charm the paint off the wall . . . [but] the script goes wrong at several key junctures . 
christians sensitive to a reductionist view of their lord as a luv-spreading dr . feelgood or omnipotent slacker will feel vastly more affronted than secularists , who might even praise god for delivering such an instant camp classic . 
feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in nine queens . 
it is the sheer , selfish , wound-licking , bar-scrapping doggedness of leon's struggle to face and transmute his demons that makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion , despite its patchy construction . 
hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script . 
the cast is uniformly excellent . . . but the film itself is merely mildly charming . 
it doesn't quite work , but there's enough here to make us look forward to the russos' next offering . 
a generation x artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely cannot last . 
this follow-up boasts most of the felicities of the original . 
the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects . 
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be . 
this is a rare twisted crowd-pleaser for longtime fans as well as novices -- or for those that don't know an arachnid from an insect . 
a lean , surprisingly artful programmer , closer in spirit to something like don siegel's riot in cell block 11 than to typical boxing fare . 
there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels . 
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire . 
the script isn't very good ; not even someone as gifted as hoffman ( the actor ) can make it work . 
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america . 
definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum . 
for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale . 
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , isn't really one of resources . 
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof . 
bullock's complete lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film
jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema . 
unless you're a fanatic , the best advice is : 'scooby' don't . 
director chris eyre is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking . 
its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life . 
a raw comedy that is intermittently hilarious as it attacks pretty much every taboo around . 
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it . if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it . 
an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike . 
often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it's very much like life itself . 
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly . 
it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame . 
stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little * * * * . no cute factor here… . not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 
evans is such a capable storyteller that you find yourself liking him even though he's not exactly likeable . 
the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers . unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . 
may be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since town and country . 
a literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 . 
in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . 
'lovely and amazing , ' unhappily , is neither . . . excessively strained and contrived . 
one hour photo offers a very interesting snapshot of some decidedly modern pathologies -- suburban alienation and the illusions generated by the advent of the photographic image . 
it's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who can't come up with legitimate funny , and it's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed . 
there's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache . 
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . 
full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life . 
 . . . sheds light on the darkest corner of america's soul – and the man with the torch is the unlikely figure of a shuffling , bespectacled and overweight and underpaid filmmaker in baggy jeans . 
the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once . 
will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss . but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted . 
nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations . . . 
director dan verete uses his camera as the metaphoric needle , and his cast in each segment as his thread , to form a sweeping tapestry of mis-explanation and contention . 
if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride . 
one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company's previous video work . 
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation . 
by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious . 
like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably won't see the next six . 
the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line . 
scorsese doesn't give us a character worth giving a damn about . 
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl's dilemma . 
its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director's previous popcorn work . 
absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity would have gone a long way . 
a baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie [woody allen] has made in the last twenty years . 
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids . . . getting . . . very . . . heavy . . . 
if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though . . . you will likely enjoy this monster . 
uno de los policiales más interesantes de los últimos tiempos . 
the actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face . 
"post 9/11 the philosophical message of "" personal freedom first "" might not be as palatable as intended . "
some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills . men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic . 
that storytelling has value cannot be denied . not even solondz's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it . 
we just don't really care too much about this love story . in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting . 
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look . 
once the downward spiral comes to pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera . . . 
not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season . 
watching trouble every day , at least if you don't know what's coming , is like biting into what looks like a juicy , delicious plum on a hot summer day and coming away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms . 
godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence . 
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper's approach to the material is too upbeat . 
the film truly does rescue [the funk brothers] from motown's shadows . it's about time . 
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties . 
sandler has played weirdos for zany comic effect , and it's interesting to finally see him play one in a relatively subdued romantic dramedy . 
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera . . . more salacious telenovela than serious drama . 
'all in all , reign of fire will be a good ( successful ) rental . '
never again doesn't quite rise above the conventions it attempts to deconstruct , but at its center are two gifted actors who are more than willing to take chances . 
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers . 
"in its combination of religion , love story and exotic locales , "" heaven "" is a bit reminiscent of james michener's "" hawaii , "" although this is a somewhat simpler , more personal tale . "
avary's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis' book . 
this may not be great moviemaking . . . but it's vastly enjoyable in a low-down , scandal-mongering way . 
the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
blau ( trevor griffiths ) needs a favor for old times' sake . 
once while beating up one of his foes , he sees komal ( aishwarya rai ) and is so smitten by her beauty that he starts visualizing her wherever he goes and in whatever he does . 
will rachel be able to protect harper and prove who has really been planting the bombs ? 
he is increasingly tormented by his conscience as the new order of the day is revealed . 
it is a dark comedy that challenges the traditional ideas of marriage and questions the societal values of money and sex . 
"accompanying them is jon's "" soulmate , "" todd , a 35-year old businessman recklessly reliving his adolescence , plus other "" circuit friends "" the boys make along the way . "
matters are complicated still further when beckinsale finds herself falling in love with oldman's character . 
a friendly vacation for four old friends - two couples from college - turns ugly . . . then 
"he has been hired by an american known only as "" wall street "" ( see rule two ) to make a delivery , but when frank stops along route , he notices his "" package "" is moving . "
in the middle of loneliness , and after realizing that filmmaking is more than just filming , he decides to start over again . 
as the investigation continues , catherine is forced to choose between her past passions and new possibilities , even as handler is discovering surprising new facts about embry and his possible connection to another disappearance from campus . 
mark hamill , sally struthers , brad hunt , angela featherstone and missy crider round out the cast . 
she frequently offers her hospitality to a 16-year-old prostitute , gr&#233 ; goire , a young man who became her friend . 
the documentary follows otte from holland to ghana , where he's set to celebrate his fifth anniversary as the leader of mepe , the region of 300 , 000 people who installed him . 
in a world ravaged by disease , disasters and hatred - a worldwide plan which dates back more than 2000 years has been implemented to show people that there's more to life and living then just waste . 
a man who travels back to the house of his father , grandfather and backwards . 
chasing life ( pulsa&#231 ; &#227 ; o zero ) is an action/comedy about 25 year old lovable loser alex who , when his life hits rock bottom and decides to end it all , shares his dogs euthanasia poison just moments before a dramatic turn of events sends him hilariously and desperately seeking the antidote which he must find within 4 hours or die . 
based very loosely on robert ludlum's novel , the bourne identity is the story of a man whose wounded body is discovered by fisherman who nurse him back to health . 
lee holloway is a smart , quirky woman in her twenties who returns to her hometown in florida after a brief stay in a mental hospital . 
things never seem to be the way they really are . 
the soviet union has collapsed and armenia is on the verge of her independence . 
"the film is based on the true story of telecommunications genius walter l . shaw sr . and his son walter t . shaw jr . , the confessed "" dinner time burglar . "" "
chris takes mitchell to an abandoned rooftop and threatens him and his mother . 
three astronauts crash land on an earth-like planet after returning from a 7-year long expedition to ganymede . 
upon discovering her infidelity , roxie's husband amos refuses to take the blame for the murder and roxie is sent to jail , pending hanging . 
his family decides to go back on a holiday to india for 2 weeks , when tina discovers the truth about pooja's e-mails , they decide together that tina will play along with the charade . 
this appears to be only the beginning of a string of suicides around the country . 
soon she grows increasingly wary about the motives of every man with whom she has contact--and about her own . 
now &#38 ; forever is a dramatic contemporary love story combining elements of spirituality , heart and integrity . 
once his products become good enough , he has to face severe competition , and , in some cases , humiliations , from well-established foreign companies . 
he has come back to visit his mother's grave ( somehow he missed her funeral by just one day ) ; but instead he finds himself in an all too familiar place , a bar . 
and that's the trick-it's a gay cruise-liner for gay men to make out . 
the people want to lynch him and blueberry can only just prevent that . 
things go from bad to worse for the drummer when it comes to his attention that he is being hunted down for execution as a deserter . 
when a depressed marketing executive goes to a psychiatrist for help , he discovers the doctor is crazier than he is . 
django is a character that decides to fight against his luck because he doesn't accept the poverty he's destined for . 
"swept into the final moments of the ceremony , jenny must decide ; should she hurt all the people who love her by running away , or simply say "" i do "" ? "
he tries to ignor it , but he later finds out on the news that the daughter of a senator has been kidnapped and is being help ransom for $15m . 
suddenly , going to church becomes much more appealing . 
against their better judgment , dara and noble agree to deliver the body to duluth and hope that will be the end of it . 
sara , recently divorced and mourning the loss of her only child , rents her basement to bogdan , a serbian musician who brings the whole band along . 
but he doesn't plan on the long line of other houseguests that try to keep him from his mission . 
when four kids stop for gas at a strange gas station/freak show/chicken stand on halloween eve , they get directions to a spooky local site from a very strange attendant whose intentions arent that clear , and the story begins from there . 
scientists discover that the earth's core is about to stop spinning . 
befriended by the ship's charismatic cyborg cook , john silver , jim blossoms under his guidance and shows the makings of a fine shipmate as he and the alien crew battle a supernova , a black hole , and a ferocious space storm . 
but there are some surprises on the way . . . 
august has become a real problem for some of the bosses around town , and ronnie will soon find out just what his frankenstein's monster will cost him . 
lucy is a theater student at the city university . 
together they build the spectacular fire organ that inspires awe and wonder . 
impressed by his extravagant lifestyle and prowess , his young son kilo yearns to follow in his footsteps . 
an alcoholic former schoolteacher hired as security finds himself a reluctant mentor to mouse , the impressionable boy ward of the pimp dewey . 
but the more he becomes human , the more chaos happens in this formerly perfect holo-deck . 
this doesn't go down well with his superiors and they decide that rajput is now a liability to the bank and they sack him . 
he wants to realize the dream nurtured for year by his father . 
but when she escapes a horrific car accident , she finds herself in death's path of destruction . 
in all , the film examines a destructive relationship that struggles with even the simplest decisions . 
the setting is new york's five points , the most violent part of the world at the time . 
in unit 16b at platypus rise flats , two hard and damaged women living on a diet of soapies , sarcasm and frustration are about to reach breaking point . 
an amalgam of several edgar allan poe stories , and a mixture of comedy , horror and musical genres . 
oscar is certain that he could be a better mate to eve than his work-obsessed father . 
"the only problem is that "" the tooth fairy "" is getting inside information about graham and his family from none other than dr . lecter . "
however , he can only inhabit the body of a child for a short time . 
unlike conventional movies , kill bill is told in chapter format making the narrative flow more like a book than a film . 
for as god watches we live , some according to his will and some not . 
however , jane , wendy's 12-year-old daughter , sees it all as make believe and refuses to believe in the tales . 
puzzled , he turns for help from a private cyber detective . 
the aftermath of a high school shooting leaves deanna cartwright ( erika christensen ) seriously wounded and nine others dead , including the perpetrator . 
anna is the jewish daughter of a spanish mother and a greek father . 
when anti-death-penalty activist david gale is convicted and condemned to death for the murder of a colleague , reporter bitsey bloom sets out to learn the story behind gale's crime . 
however , his son is a celibate priest who has never had any success with women . . . , ever . 
they follow leads , informants turn up dead , nick's wife is unhappy he's back on the street , henry's protective of the dead cop's wife . 
chuck - the songwriting leader of the po'boys , is discouraged and facing writer's block . 
nomad explores the futility of insulating oneself from the sometimes painful reality of human interaction . 
a single-minded man focused on finding the girl of his dreams the perfect vision he's created in his mind's eye . 
valento feels the heat and turns the table : he makes the dupe into one of his own and rubs the da's nose in it . 
"international news media baron , rupert murdoch ( played by ben mendelsohn ) , then publisher of the adelaide "" news , "" became the driving force behind securing a re-trial for stuart . "
"firefighter gordon brewer is plunged into the complex and dangerous world of international terrorism after he loses his wife and child in a bombing credited to claudio "" the wolf "" perrini . "
"in life , there's silver , and there's lead , says rikki ortega , as he moves to be king of the street in "" &#193 ; nglio , "" l . a . 's east side . "
bobby quickly learns however , that smith is no regular john , and their meeting has unintended consequences that neither of them is prepared to afford . 
torn between two worlds , trey hides from his discomfort in an increasingly dangerous sexual addiction that threatens to destroy not only his new startup ideas , it may destroy his life . 
she manages to test patricia in one of the biggest hotel-casinos , the caesars palace . 
all hell breaks loose when otis tries to help mark outwit his sleazy bookie , setting into play a strange turn of events . 
roger swanson is a hopelessly cynical advertising copywriter with a razor-sharp wit who believes he has mastered the art of manipulating women . 
after being trapped in hell for quite some time , freddy krueger meets up with jason voorhees after jason is sent to hell by creighton duke ( forget part x ; rewind to friday the 13th part ix ) . 
though each with their distinctive story , all three are interwoven with the other . 
when blake is initiated , he agrees to abide by the three cardinal rules : share your spirit , body and soul with others ; devote your life to saving homeless kids ; and never leave unless the master casts you out . 
amerika and zed aim to free their friend from the clutches of his nutburger girlfriend by enlisting the aid of the sappho carpet cleaners for some wet work . 
the story focuses on an ambitious young executive , amanda , who inherits a lovely b&#38 ; b on a remote island in maine when her grandmother dies . 
in order to make something of himself , dean assumes another identity and manages to enter high society . 
over a fourteen year period they were the heartbeat on every hit from motown's detroit era . 
tinke , a 9-year-old orphan from the wilderness , struggles to find her unknown , rich grandparents . 
jamie lee curtis ( true lies ) and lindsay lohan ( the parent trap ) star in the remake of the 1976 disney classic freaky friday . 
"when the predatory couple manipulates a "" legal "" real estate transaction that turns into a hostile possession of the manor house , he temporarily loses his mind , leaving his family but not the farm . "
the remaining friends must now rescue the captives , while desperately trying to avoid the long arm of the law . 
torn between the divine and the carnal , the righteous and the unjust , father amaro must summon his strength to choose which life he will lead . 
but katherine holds her back , not to let interfere anything with her successful career . 
there is a secret test hidden with in the sat . 
"winnie falls inlove with one of the tucks , jesse , a "" 17 "" year old boy who shares the same feelings for her . "
a serial killer named shin-hyun gives himself up to police . 
but with tess's wedding coming on saturday , the two have to find a way to switch back - and fast . 
"this film tells the true story of fraudulent washington , d . c . journalist stephen glass ( christensen ) , who rose to meteoric heights as a young writer in his 20s , becoming a staff writer at "" the new republic "" for three years ( 1995-1998 ) , where 27 of his 41 published stories were either partially or completely made up . "
while lying in the middle of those flowers he devotes to his yearning for love . 
after 20 years of exile in paris , gustavo returns to his native city s&#227 ; o paulo . 
rather than spreading good cheer , the duo's motive is to rob each establishment , a strategy that becomes complicated when they encounter an 8-year-old who teaches them the true meaning of christmas . 
unable to let her go quite yet , duncan mimics his dead mother . 
his shiftlessness and his drinking have begun to jeopardize his relationship with his sultry girlfriend , tracy , with whom steve is secretly infatuated . 
a retired hitman fighting insomnia gets brought back into the fold of his old life when he encounters some shady characters from his past . 
paravasu is the elder son of the great sage raibhya ( mohan agashe ) . 
the pied piper production penned by christian otjen concerns a 36-year-old man ( brad hunt ) who returns to his hometown to confront the harsh reality of his father's suicide . 
both they and their wives ami ( meredith salenger ) and claire ( tara westwood ) are dealing with the reality that they are no longer watching mtv , but instead find themselves flipping channels to vh1 . 
in singapore , that means that at the age of 12 , the government has decided that they are not as academically inclined as their peers . 
the answer involves an insane florist , an irate fruit cart vendor , and a slimy lawyer named uncle stan . 
separated from his wife , louis will be given the opportunity to find out what is most important . . . 
tonight at hamilton high , the lesson is survival . 
the rebellion against sauron is building up and will be led by gandalf the white ( sir ian mckellen ) , who was thought to be dead after the balrog captured him . 
"fbi agent will graham has been called out of early retirement to catch a serial killer , known by authorities as "" the tooth fairy "" . "
while felice eventially convinces sam that she's his long-lost and thought-to-be-dead sister , she doesn't succeed in convincing him that the fbi is after him for past crimes . 
"known in english at festivals as "" weightwatch , "" this title captures the essence of the film . "
lilli black , battling her painful memories and the secrets surrounding her dying father , collides into the complicated and obsessive life of morrison wiley on the streets of new york city . 
geordie ( thom fitzgerald ) , a visiting canadian pornographer , bogdan ( mihai calota ) , a reluctant city dog-catcher , and nathalie ( alberta watson ) , a lonely diplomat's wife - each risks losing everything as they become embroiled in the struggles of bucharest's abandoned children , gypsies , dogs and beggars . 
as he returns to moscow he finds a new world ruled by underworld bosses , criminal clans fighting each other and utter chaos on the desperately keeping appearances streets of russian capital . 
one day , all the windows in the city disappeared . . . 
"to protect her relationship with john , she "" ditches "" her son , having him arrested and locked in a correctional "" mental "" facility , before coercing her older brother burt , who lives in hollywood , to take him . "
edi is wrongly accused of having raped the girl whose brothers have got the control over one of the city areas . 
can the three dons outwit them and not get bluffed by their obvious charms ? 
now , all the mutants need to fight together against an enemy in common : general william stryker , who is planning to destroy them all . 
in the summer of 1947 , a mysterious thirteen-year-old girl , accompanied by her mute mother , seemingly appears from nowhere . 
using everything from closely mic-ed subjects to infrared video standing by yourself gets uncomfortably close to its subjects as they get drunk and high , squander money , rip-off their parents , and get in trouble with pretty much everyone in their paths as a conduit to simply having a good time . 
bob dobalina is an award-winning copywriter who really wants to be a screenwriter . 
"west coast "" bodybuilding competition and use his own body as the perfect reflection of his mind's work . "
he encounters woody , a tow truck driver who sends him down a dead-end that is the black road . 
fearful of the repercussions on his already messed up life , greg flees the scene and manages to hide his clunky damaged truck on the nearby overgrown farm of martha thompson , an aging grouchy widow who lives by the scriptures , ideas of traditional family and her trusty shotgun . 
when they join forces to track down the mastermind behind the death of cho cho's master , it leads these unusual partners into uncovering a dangerous conspiracy which puts both of their lives in danger . 
jake , a . k . a . michael turner , has nine days to fill his brother's place . 
as dex prepares to do battle with herb , he must also deal with all the intricacies it takes to make a relationship work . 
for anni they are not enemies , but just men . 
he's fascinated by a candy machine , and asks his mother for money , but she refuses . 
it is a look into one of the major social issues of the 21st century , inmigration . 
it becomes clear that the line between assailant and victim has begun to break down and that the roles in this relationship are now unclear . 
it all leads to more tragedy and the movie jumps to 12 years later . 
a bored secretary in the holiday firm funtime inc spends her time looking after the plants around her . 
privileged and popular , deanna differs dramatically from the alienated alicia . 
when not solving murders in tinseltown , detective joe gavilan and his rookie partner kasey calden both moonlight in other fields : gavilan sells real estate ( poorly ) , and calden aspires to become an actor ( brando , namely ) . 
two lost couples find themselves stranded for the night in an old dark house where they are set upon by the family in residence that dabbles in murder , witchcraft , and cannibalism which are just a few of the 1 , 000+ secrets buried in the field behind their house . 
it also touches on the encroachment of christianity brought by the missionaries , which is at odds with mepe's tribal and traditional roots . 
upon arriving in los reyes , the ambitious father amaro meets amelia , a beautiful 16-year-old girl whose religious devotion soon becomes helplessly entangles in a growing attraction to the new priest . 
partnered with the sassy , stunning sistah girl , our hero must first undergo the ultimate attitude adjustment and trade in his 'fro and platforms for tennis sweaters and penny loafers . 
he led a bleak life , stuck in a boring routinity created by his ambition to become a sucessfull producer in one jakarta's leading tv station . 
in the end , debby , beth , and virginia find , if not the relationships of their dreams , peace with each other and within themselves . 
failing cartoon writer , millard mudd , has sunk deep into one . 
straight into the hands of a man they call the lord of the wolves . 
in this debut short , meeper valiantly tries to warn the patrons of the ale-e-inn ( an intergalactic watering hole with its own constellation of stars ) of impending danger , only to find himself face-to-face with the most fearsome creatures in the galaxy . 
everyone's favorite mad scientist herbert west is currently in jail after having state's evidence turned against him by his former assistant , dan cain . 
john has become not just a full fledged phenomenon and household word , but a critics darling and social enigma as well . 
"the film , a follow-up to "" jack the dog "" , is described as a black comedy about a reformed womanizer ( nestor carbonell ) who struggles to keep his family together . "
sex , lies &#38 ; superheroes features the writers and artists who have helped make comic books a medium for sophisticated stories and artwork . 
ivan , a captain of the soviet army , arrested by the front secret police 'smersh' , has a narrow escape . 
he presents himself to be a rich boy , fool her and romance with her . 
the backyard follows several backyard wrestlers in different countries as they pursue their dream to become professional wrestlers . 
his attention settles on alicia browning ( busy philipps ) , a darkly troubled outsider who , as the only person present throughout the entire incident , is both the key witness and a possible suspect . 
"emory , a former governor of his tribe , is reunited with his son larry , via the help of a friend , sky montgomery , who invites larry to travel from the old pueblo to the new "" big city "" to join his father at a photo-art exhibition hosted by sky . "
the story follows mirabelle , a disenchanted salesgirl and aspiring artist who sells gloves and accessories at neiman marcus . 
the director films a story of an immigrant actor who struggles with his religious and sexual identity in the new land . 
desperate to help his son , scott heads back home , leaving a substitute claus to watch over things at the pole . 
regulus : the first nuclear missile submarine is a documentary about the navy's struggle , in the era immediately following wwii , to develop and deploy a submarine-launched nuclear missile . 
he proposes stealing artworks from her clients and convinces her that they could be quickly fenced . 
we are taken on this journey through the voice and body of mnemosyne , mother of memory . 
ricki ( jennifer lopez ) , a gorgeous , free-spirited female gangster is sent to assist gigli with the kidnapping because his boss does not think that gigli is up to the job . 
murder , cannibalism and satanic rituals are just a few of the 1000+ horrors that await . 
the two engage in a spirited and acerbic dialogue - meanwhile accomplishing nothing . 
it's hard to recognize change when you're in the middle of it college follows a young man in his final semester of college as he segues into adult life . 
with no money , patricia adventurously travels cross-country , fights hunger and rape-attemps . 
heart-stopping talent doesn't seem to be enough when your parents want you to hang up your football boots , find a nice boyfriend and learn to cook the perfect chapatti . 
"eight year old peter carlson tries to save his family from eviction by "" blackmailing santa "" . "
" "" secondhand lions "" follows the comedic adventures of an introverted boy ( osment ) left on the doorstep of a pair of reluctant , eccentric great-uncles ( caine and duvall ) , whose exotic remembrances stir the boy's spirit and re-ignite the men's lives . "
and the little red light from a laser rifle sight is proof that the caller isn't kidding . 
the man who kidnapped his daughter is also doing what he can to find them . 
a theme park owned by a man named , mondavarious . 
"green card fever is the story of a young man in the united states who overstays his visa in the pursuit of a "" green card "" . "
genetically engineered to be immune to the drug , miles' strange charisma draws claire to him , but when he brutally guns down a group of harmless dissidents , she begins to doubt she can really trust anyone . 
in the shop we find eddie ( the entertainer ) , an old barber with strong opinions and no customers . 
the lead character of bruce is a tribute to the late great martial arts legend and portrays many of the stereotypical characteristics and ideosyncrasies that distinguished his illustrious career . 
scott calvin ( tim allen ) has been santa claus for the past eight years , and his loyal elves consider him the best santa ever . 
this is a documentary about a woman from ghana who is reunited with her father after many years . 
in awe of seductive club singer velma kelly ( who is subsequantly arrested for the murder of her husband and sister - after discovering their affair ) , roxie meets fred cassely a man who convinces her he can 'make her showbiz career take off' . 
her lover , a psychiatrist twice her age , becomes twisted in sarah's sordid plot to kill her husband for his large inheritance . 
he feels he is only an instrument of their greed . 
ryan plays a lonely new york woman who discovers the darker side of passion after becoming involved with a tough homicide detective who is investigating a series of murders in her neighborhood . 
when his only friend and co-worker dies , a young man born with dwarfism moves to an abandoned train depot in rural new jersey . 
beneath clouds is the story of lena , the light-skinned daughter of an aboriginal mother and irish father and vaughn , a murri boy doing time in a minimum security prison in north west nsw . 
chan in turn , has a job donning exotic costumes as a cyber papel doll for a porn website and a sex-worker lover who has a son and a separate husband on the mainland . 
he can talk and drive around all by himself . 
it may only be the third date , but tony knows it's time to pop the question and make the beautiful , shy katrina his wife . 
from classrooms to dorm rooms , it's hard to keep it together when you can't even find the door . 
charlotte and teis , partners for some years , are going to climb a mountain , literally and metaphorically . 
based on nick hornby's popular british novel , about a boy is a comedy-drama starring hugh grant as will , a rich , child-free and irresponsible londoner in his thirties who , in search of available women , invents an imaginary son and starts attending single parent meetings . 
tim , who had scoffed at nick's idea and passed on an opportunity to get in on the deal , can only watch as nick's fortune -- and tim's own envy -- grow to equally outrageous proportions . 
romy jumps on board with eagle , and takes command , as the pair rescue each other in a tense and action-packed scene . 
after a chance encounter at a theater , two men , benigno and marco , meet at a private clinic where benigno works . 
through an allegorical 'fable' that is told in parallel with joseph's struggle , we are left to decide for ourselves in the end , who is the crow and who is the wolf . , was someone out to get joseph , was it a stroke of bad luck , or was it all in his head ? 
