sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .
this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .
in its chicken heart , crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
should have gone straight to video .
stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .
... the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look , director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors .
just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .
certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either .
plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king .
it does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .
it 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins .
cuba gooding jr. valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy .
the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .
statham employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british .
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up .
just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .
in the wake of saving private ryan , black hawk down and we were soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine .
the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood .
why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands .
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin .
-lrb- t -rrb- oo many of these gross out scenes ...
a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .
it 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
when the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
a fifty car pileup of cliches .
offers absolutely nothing i had n't already seen .
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .
instead of trying to bust some blondes , -lrb- diggs -rrb- should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying -- like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming .
adam sandler 's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash .
more tiring than anything .
solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds .
could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ?
for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new star wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .
but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
they threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i did n't .
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches .
possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .
amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
the project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting .
-lrb- less a movie than -rrb- an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment .
in truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick -lrb- but none of the sheer lust -rrb- .
piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .
suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team ... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote .
-lrb- green is -rrb- the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
it 's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed .
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down .
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story .
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .
... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
although ... visually striking and slickly staged , it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
it is n't scary .
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .
hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .
a well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .
... while dark water is n't a complete wash -lrb- no pun intended -rrb- , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .
just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense .
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis .
what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky .
it does n't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity .
it still feels like a prison stretch .
despite slick production values and director roger michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent .
a preposterous , prurient whodunit .
the paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final -lrb- restored -rrb- third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic .
a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard .
there 's no good answer to that one .
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .
bad company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .
the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep .
the comedy is nonexistent .
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard .
if religious films are n't your bailiwick , stay away .
it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .
it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .
very stupid and annoying .
upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
conforms itself with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences .
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .
a smug and convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie .
highly uneven and inconsistent ... margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
vulgar is too optimistic a title .
with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
-lrb- davis -rrb- wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters .
the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .
the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood .
gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .
one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .
what goes on for the 110 minutes of `` panic room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .
there is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
it 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long .
even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached .
he 's not good with people .
pascale bailly 's rom-com provides amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest .
though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish .
maid in manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
taken as a whole , the tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .
this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
it 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .
ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .
the story itself is actually quite vapid .
` this movie sucks . '
terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ... the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .
they just do n't work in concert .
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .
a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .
their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
this is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet .
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out .
one thing 's for sure -- if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .
in the wrong hands , i.e. peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
a `` home alone '' film that is staged like `` rosemary 's baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .
witless and utterly pointless .
-lrb- jackson and bledel -rrb- seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating .
boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .
nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .
sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
unfortunately , that 's precisely what arthur dong 's family fundamentals does .
this movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
` the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style .
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .
but the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . '
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time .
entertaining enough , but nothing new
it 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .
it 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .
the idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but ayurveda does the field no favors .
this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .
its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy .
one lousy movie .
scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .
the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication .
although it tries to be much more , it 's really just another major league .
this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book .
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd .
halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
the rest of the film ... is dudsville .
but the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -lrb- 1984 -rrb- to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation .
an absurdist spider web .
a chiller resolutely without chills .
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject .
at times , it actually hurts to watch .
a selection of scenes in search of a movie .
the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .
a simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something .
by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .
... a bland , pretentious mess .
... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there 's something about mary co-writer ed decter .
director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters .
is n't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ?
kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .
-lrb- creates -rrb- the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
what 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .
the whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
you expect more from director michael apted -lrb- enigma -rrb- and screenwriter nicholas kazan -lrb- reversal of fortune -rrb- than this cliche pileup .
this is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .
wishy-washy .
it is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle .
but it would be better to wait for the video .
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , impostor is opening today at a theater near you .
this would-be ` james bond for the extreme generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie .
then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees .
yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit .
an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .
the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .
a cockeyed shot all the way .
the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''
can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro rhetoric , which are included
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional .
an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .
much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice .
`` austin powers in goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
the film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths .
i liked this film a lot ...
... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .
and there 's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together .
the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino .
it 's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .
a movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .
the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding are in perfect balance .
an elegant and sly deadpan comedy .
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe .
more intimate than spectacular , e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
she 's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .
my little eye is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years .
interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story .
dog soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .
the characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .
a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .
films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days .
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly appealing .
the fourth `` pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .
the beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor .
promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish .
one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society .
it 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
it offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .
washington overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration .
happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .
alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes .
there 's a lot of tooth in roger dodger .
a faster paced family flick .
the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the elements that will grab you .
the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing .
in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
it 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat .
bill morrison 's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen .
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .
it 's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary .
gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .
brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .
highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
funny in a sick , twisted sort of way .
you need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work .
amazingly dopey .
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez .
a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really is n't .
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie .
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film .
psychologically revealing .
an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` spy kids 2 ' is a visual treat for all audiences .
it 's a quirky , off-beat project .
the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .
the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world .
half past dead is just such an achievement .
-lrb- washington 's -rrb- strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .
he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities .
a taut , sobering film .
a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry !
this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air .
impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' was .
it made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters .
the usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director michael apted and writer tom stoppard .
an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind
if it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .
quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it does n't have all the answers .
it 's better than the phantom menace .
although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
it is quite a vision .
the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of .
if you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work .
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play .
slight but enjoyable documentary .
what `` empire '' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .
-lrb- gosling 's -rrb- combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character .
the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it .
it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ?
a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .
it 's a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill .
austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .
... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...
all in all , a great party .
the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .
lightweight but appealing .
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff .
splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .
a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette .
... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on .
symbolically , warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .
a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director malcolm d. lee and writer john ridley .
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film .
terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it 's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .
handled correctly , wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
one of the most original american productions this year , you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state .
an oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion .
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .
will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices .
he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .
a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know .
think of it as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch .
astonishing ... -lrb- frames -rrb- profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .
it 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .
a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart .
bon appétit !
while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman 's warmest .
it 's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .
may prove to be -lrb- tsai 's -rrb- masterpiece .
a weird , arresting little ride .
rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .
a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .
here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation .
it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists .
director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it 's very much like life itself .
in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and -lrb- director phillip -rrb- noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .
the film grows on you .
with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley , paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .
chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america .
a tone poem of transgression .
high crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience .
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while .
it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america .
this movie has the usual impossible stunts ... but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing .
gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
it 's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .
it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .
gently humorous and touching .
the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .
this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative .
the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .
an escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business .
a rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .
unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling .
there 's no reason to miss interview with the assassin
a sexy , surprising romance ... idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .
although what time offers tsai 's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .
a crisp psychological drama -lrb- and -rrb- a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode .
as a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .
horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
whenever you think you 've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop .
but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .
its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work .
certainly the big finish was n't something galinsky and hawley could have planned for ... but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .
a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget .
if you 're burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for .
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .
one of the year 's best films , featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore .
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular .
the film has several strong performances .
it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .
serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination .
my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family .
a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .
a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children .
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly ...
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
an hour and a half of joyful solo performance .
a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty .
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .
by the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '
a sense of real magic , perhaps .
the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching .
a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .
this is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .
this is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice .
while it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .
a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .
a stylish thriller .
