This sounds like karaoke. I wish it didn't - but it does. I'm a white man married to an Indian girl - I love Indian music, Chutney is cool, reggae, etc. - and the lead singer is attractive - but it really, really sounds like karaoke....I can't escape that fact. And...yes....it is very repetitive, mundane, same sounding music throughout the whole CD. But, it doesn't matter because todays ear for music is pretty much on the deaf side. Simple and repetitive is the cornerstone of todays musical taste. Oh well - I'll watch the video though - she's cute. But, it is still a talentless serving up of supposed 'world music'. What a bunch of crap that is! Listen to 'The Mysterious Voices of Bulgaria' or 'Kuch Kuch Hota Hai' if you want REAL world music. What? It's boring? Then you don't really like 'World Music' - lol.
"I purchased the Mr. Coffee mug warmer because it was economical and I believed Mr. Coffee to be a reputable brand.Don't waste your money on this mug warmer, even if it's economical. There are good points -- nice length to the cord; convenient on/off switch. But the reason for purchasing a mug warmer is to keep the contents warm, even somewhat heated. This warmer does not do that. It barely keeps the coffee lukewarm. I previously had a warmer by Continental Electric which kept the coffee at a very nice temperature and it was never cooled to the ""tepid"" point.This model is not worth the money or effort. Check out the Continental Electric instead, even if it's more expensive."
eMarker has been discontinued by Sony, here's the noticeThis is to inform you that we will be permanently closing down the eMarker.com service on 9/30/01. You will not be able to access your eMarker.com account after 9/30/01. If you have eMarks that you would like to save, simply print the screens from your eMarks pages. You will only be able to save hard copies of your eMarks information.
"This is a real yawn fest. After the main character walks in front of her place of work for the 100th time and says the same ""catch phrases"" a 1,000 times, my eyelids could not control themselves any longer. The DVD extras weren't much better. There was a makeshift documentary about Morrissey fans and commentary from people involved with the film. I don't even know what they did or who they were but the makeup artist sticks clearly in my mind. I don't think the main characters were even in the room for this ""special feature."" Boring and Lame."
"This DVD is the U.S. release, in which the original Australian dialog (including Mel Gibson's) was replaced with dubbed dialog in ""American English""."
They worked well for a few months and now the sound does not come out of either one. Customer service has not been called yet to figure out the problem.
"As nice as it looks, it was a disappointment. It doesn't slope to make the water drain into the sink, the edge is so sharp it cut my finger and last but not least, that ""tire rubber"" smell has not left after multiple washings. I've since been on the lookout for a better one."
I bought this book anticipating another great read like: A Good Walk Spoiled. What I got, however, was every tiny, irrelevant detail about every person even remotely involved with the US Open. For example, do we really care that the superintendant's son played junior golf at... Or do we need 10-15 pages on the Shinnecock Indians and the 1995 US Open at Shinnecock? Or that the workers at Bethpage enjoyed eating sandwiches at BK Sweeney's??? Or that the guy who caddied for Tiger in his practice round was frome Ireland and his family, blah, blah, blah... Come on. It was just too much clutter and noise.This from an avid, single-digit handicapper, from Long Island, who played Bethpage Black and went to the Open on Friday in teh pouring rain!I had every reason to love this book, but instead threw it away. Save your money. I wish I had.
really boring dull cjhick flick that is awful. i lov u tira but this isn;'t a ggod movie. i didnt wantt o watch thers people at all. but i do want to go into this club.
MASK MAKER takes us down a cinematic path often traveled and does it in a typically predictable fashion. A story of revenge with an unstoppable killer who murders his victims and uses their skinned faces to achieve some kind of beauty. Flashbacks reveal his motivation in an attempt to elicit some level of sympathy.MASK MAKER isn't the worst entry in this familiar territory but it doesn't tread new waters either. The cast performs on various levels of competence. WEEKEND AT BERNIE's Terry Kiser is an effective guilt-ridden buffoon. Treat Williams is ill-used in a cameo role. Horror vet Michael Berryman is unusually restrained in a small role. Nikki Deloach is no Jamie Lee Curtis in her leading role, giving a weak performance in a typical survivor role as the resilient resourceful female. Doomed fiance Stephen Colletti (sic) is equally flaccid.An open-ended finale paves the way for MASK MAKER II---something we definitely don't need.
Okay already, I'm convinced you have chops! You don't have to keep trying to impress me...or each other...or yourselves...This album encapsulates the fatal flaw of jazz music, the element that is relegating it to the dustbin of history: form over substance. Nobody will care about the technical achievements of these guys in 100 years (not many do now except those who confuse self-obsession with depth). There are moments, especially the middle section, where Coltrane and co. hint at some melodic structure, some level of aesthetic appeal, but inevitably a stylized flourish ruins everything. I suppose it's good that someone pushed the 'repetitive droning and squawking' envelope, but do you really want to listen to him do it?Art reaches out, speaks to the universal, appeals to the heart. Jazz excludes, speaks in code, demands analysis. I prefer art.
"Like others I would like to voice my frustration with the paper feed mechanism. It worked fine at first but then it would say that there was no paper in the tray when of course there was lots of it. HP sent me a cleaner for it but it could only be used 3 times. When that option ran out I contacted them again and they stated they could no longer help me with the problem. Disappointing for a large company to put out such a crappy printer and I am definitely going us use reviews the next time I purchase a printer. Not sure if I trust HP anymore. Now I'm getting the ""No Scan Option"" message and it seems to be a fairly common problem also. DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER!"
Last Days was easily the worst movie I have seen since Eight Heads in a Duffle Bag. From start to finish, it was disjointed and each scene was entirely too long. In fact, I watched the last 30 minutes of the move in 10x speed and didn't miss a thing!Van Sant did not establish any kind of connection with the characters. You don't really even know Blake is a troubled musician (as it says in the synopsis) until half way through the movie, so you spend time watching him mope around the house in, what appears to be, a drug-induced stupor. But you really don't know what's wrong with him and it's not very interesting to watch.I had high hopes for this movie, especially after watching the making of it in the Special Features section, but it was a complete waste of time.
Amazon.com doesn't tell you whether or not any of the episodes you purchase contain the music performances, no matter how much i liked. i primarily downloaded the episode because i wanted the MUSICAL PERFORMANCES, not the rest of the show! I finally downloaded the episodes and i can confirm that it does not contain any of the music performances on that particular episodes, which is a great disappointment.
"I really was dissapointed with this book.I thought I'd learn some ""insider secrets"" as Corey Rudl says in the title, but it only deals with general knowledge! This book is a compilation of some useless ""free reports"" that you can find anywhere on the internet...for free.Eric"
The original. He was kind of cool, but now he ain't; people using his backwardness against us. Forget this dude, or perish. 1896 speech was a total sell out to da man.Drop ya boots, dawg!!!It
had twins. bought this when having trouble with one not nursing as well as my milk slowed down. did not really seem to make a difference in the amount of milk. tasted gross, I would take it in a shot of water. contains alcohol from the natural herbs. I think its better to nurse often to get better milk as that made a bigger difference on its own than when I used this in conjunction with more nursing, probablly from the alcohol?
I expected this album to have NEW remixes but I felt like I was listening to the Love:Destiny CD (a special remix CD DC, put out for target.)We've all heard, Say my name mix, Jumpin jumpin', bug a boo and some others,the only ones i lke are Nasty Girl, ID2,and Dot, which are new remixesI liked Michelle's song. She a an ok voice, I was happy not to hear Beyonce wailing on the track. I still think this could have had ALL new remixes and I would have given more stars.
What am I reviewing here... this gizmo or the supplier, Eforcity? I never received this product after my order! After waiting and waiting I contacted Eforcity several times -- no reply. After a nasty letter from me Eforcity'r reply feigned lacking information about my mailing address!What a cop-out.I told them I would not pay for it, so Eforcity said they'd give me a refund, which has not come to me yet. I bought another product to replace this from Amazon which arrived quickly from Amazon.
this book was really boring and i had to read it for a book report so instead of me reading the whole book i just rented the movie from blockbuster and watched the movie it was much easier
"for being in this movie. Not because their acting was great, but because they managed to get through the whole thing without having a ""how much money am I getting paid for this? How much money am I gettting paid for this?"" expression on their face. In a way it's too bad that this movie, and Mortal Kombat failed at the box office as it prevented other video game classics such as PacMan, Centipede and Joust from being made into live action movies. Darn the luck."
As the book progresses, the storyline builds until, at the end, it goes straight down. There was absolutely no resolution. In short, it was the worst book I ever read. (And I read a lot)
From a woman who sold out her body ages ago and now attempts to be a partisan hack, and poorly at that. Why anyone would want to wipe their feet on this dirty carpet is beyond me. Not worth the time it took to phone in sex.
Apart from the first few pages I lost the author as observations based on experience was put to an end. The remaining chapters are based on mechanics of Spells. Conclusions drawn from observations is far greater in value than mechanics with no real experience notes as to what worked or what failed or how should the performer be feeling when all is going right and when it is out of sync. See works of Joseph C. Lisiewski, Ph.D. on Time and Flow and practicality to a reader in day to day work processing. This work Moon Spells misses this value to end user who wants to Do, Observe, Correct and again Do, Observe, Correct processes in his or her efforts to make a better quality of life.
Michener's books are always interesting quality historical novels. This was is goodhistory but not easy reading. To anyone who was not in the military, his characters mayseem unreal, but believe me, they aren't!!
"This AMP is junk. First one burnt out within 2 weeks of running a pair of 8"" Audiosource ceiling speakers. Audiosource seems good so far, replace the first bad unit. Got the second one, smoked the second day. Same scenario - running background music in small house.Potential fire hazard, as it not only blows the fuse, but also heats up and smokes inside.Look elsewhere."
"i am swiss. i haven't used this product, and i don't intend to; here's why: there's no such language as ""swiss."" switzerland has four official languages (german, french, italian, and romansch), and the swiss speak dialects of these languages - swiss-german, swiss-french, swiss-italian. these dialects vary from region to region in sub-dialects; for example, zurich-deutsch varies from basel-deutsch which varies from berner-deutsch. there are even sub-sub-dialects within each region!this product doesn't even identify which general language (german? french?) it addresses. this is a sign of a poorly thought out product; i recommend looking elsewhere for a more serious study of the topic."
While Godard's classic, breathless, is undeniably one of the greatest films ever made, the version released from the International Film Series is nearly unwatchable. It is terribly overexposed, washing out much of the picture detail, and making most of the white-on-white subtitles impossible to read. In addition, (I am unsure if this is unique to my particular copy) the video tends to ghost, and in places appears pink with a moving vertical (this is definately not a tracking problem, rather a glitch with the copy of the film this tape was recorded from). I would recommend this film to anyone, however it might be best to purchase the other version.
As with one of the other reviews, this pump really is junk. The pump worked but the pressure gauge gave a limp attempt at working on the first pump, then gave up the ghost completely. I am sure 99% of these types of foot pumps are made in the same factory in China and the companies here just put their names on it. They should be a little more particular 'cause this is the last cycle force product I will buy. Of course, it is hit or miss, so you just might be lucky and get one of rare ones that works. But for $11, what can you expect??
As a fan of post-apocalyptic movies, I must say that this movie is as far from post-apocalyptic as a post-apocalyptic movie can get. The majority of the movie is explained on the back cover- Mad Max is a cop whose family has been killed and he must seek revenge. But the seeking revenge part is just about 4 or 5 scenes towards the end of the movie! And to top it all off it seems like the apocalypse has had absolutely no effect on the world, because trees are growing, there's power, water, civilization, medicine, and ice cream! Jeez!
Let me start with my internet connection was great. I checked my connection and my settings 7 times. And I had rented another movie from Amazon and it played flawlessly. And just to be absolutely sure I rented yet another movie(all 48 HR paid movies) and that one worked perfect. At least 10 times I for a error message saying you are having trouble playing this title please try again or choose another movie. Or you are unable to view this movie etc... When it did play it was terrible quality. Or a scene would freeze up but the audio still continued. Very dissapointed.
I bought this coffeemaker as a gift for my sister and was so embarrassed when she took it out of the box. First, the plastic top is extremely cheap and flimsy, and the whole thing broke off the first time we flipped it back. There was also a grey powder film over the whole appliance. Finally, it is just not good looking at all...extremely cheap in appearance. It did not even make it to the countertop before we had it back in the box and on its way back to Amazon. I went with the Bosch on their reputation for the greatest dishwashers. Evidently, another company designs and manufacturers their small appliances. DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM!!!! Get the Braun KF550-BK AromaDeluxe instead!
"...except it's not! This film is supposed to be an uplifting comedy, however I found it painfully predictable and a bit sad. Keir Gilchrist was great, playing Craig, a young mental patient who wants to kill himself. Gilchrist and the flashes of his thoughts, that we get to see, are the best part of this film and the only thing really worth seeing. Zach Galifianakis, who is one of my favorites, isn't at all funny, he's actually kind of pathetic in this film. Despite Gilchrist performance, the movie is actually quite stupid, I mean what kind of mental hospital lets the patients have access to the roof of the hospital? It looked good, has some really good actors in it, but nothing happens, the story is predictable as hell, and it's a ""comedy"" in which no one really says or does anything funny. I was hugely disappointed with it."
Got this JUNK from the Thank You network. It failed even the assembly test - the thing is so badly manufactured that the connection to which the pressure hose connects on the body of the washer was completely misaligned. There was no way I could connect the nozzle. OK - I thought it happens. I tried to call their 1-800-521-8559 support number and was on hold for 42 Minutes both on the Customer Service and Sales lines and then they cut me off. I did not even talk to a human! Their website is a joke. This is a typical bottom of the barrel Chinese company trying to dump poorly built stuff on the consumer. DO NOT BUY this and encourage such companies that dont give a hoot about the customer.I'm returning this and telling every retailer to dump this.AM
I didnt like this movie all too much... I thought it would be great but whats so scarey about it? I guess in my young age I dont understand what its like to have satans child but I still thought it was dumb and not scary at all. I have watch alot of horror movies... ALOT! And this one shouldnt be one of them its not even scary... If you are looking for thrills and chills look somewhere else because this movie is purely made for people who are scared VERY easily.
I don't understand how a DVD that hasn't been released yet has received so many reviews-all of them great. Has this DVD been released elsewhere?
I had to read this book for my English class at school and I started out with an optimistic attitude reflecting this book. The beginning of the book was rather slow but, of course, I had to read it and was willing to give it a chance on account of it being such an essential classic. As I read further, though, I feel that the book could have develloped further than it did. What had been a trace of a plot at the beginning of the book had all but shrunken into a totally unnecessary conclusion that, I feel, had no thought or reflection on the main goal of the book.
I am an avid reader so when I had an assignment in my Psychology class I was excited to see what there was to offer on Erik Erikson. I read the reviews on this book and it was promising. I bought it from Amazon.com and it came quickly, quicker then it said it would. I got through the first chapter all right but then things just went downhill. It was boring, I found it not to be well written. I normally enjoy reading about his theories and studies but this was not a great book. I would not recommend this book.
Recieved this item and it was broken. Tried to contact the seller but could not. As per amazon's return policy this is a non-returnable item. Which makes sense. Unless it is sold in a non-working condition. Was very displeased I could not speak directly with the seller and that amazon was of no help. Had to go through the manufacture to have the product replaced which is still a work in progress. Will not buy non-returnable items from this site again. Leaves too much room to get a defective product like I did and be stuck with it.
I minored in Spanish, was an exhange student in Madrid and embrace many aspects of Latin culture and devour lots and lots of Latino and Hispanic Lit. The idea for this book had so much potential, but the novel just doesn't work. It's hard to believe or get into the voice of the narrator, Claire, an adult young woman character because she comes off girlish, shallow, and wholly boring, and the Latina characters were just too superficially written to retain my interest and were unbelievable because they lacked depth and human oddities and characteristics that make characters in literature so memorable. The women either come off too saintly to believe or stereotypical. The concept for the novel was great, but the writer fails because this novel doesn't have ironies, interesting drama, complex personality contradictions within the characters, a fresh or provocative writing style, believable epiphanies, or any treats the reader can take away with her/him.
This Book tells a story about two friends who are looking for a new job near the Salinas River in California. Lenny, who is mentally retarded, and George, the smart one. They had to escape from their last job because Lenny got in trouble. In the new job the story will be repeated, but this time for the last time. The only reason I gave this book a star is because is has a good plot, and because this is happening in the world right now, it is a reality. The main factor that called my attention was the vocabulary and quotations of the characters. This is why I give one star to the book.
Big problem... the answers are not printed on the key above. They are underneath the key, so that when you depress it, you can see through. The problem is the numbers on top are over the number underneath in many cases, which makes the answer harder to see. I really prefer the ones where you can clearly see the answer print above.
This is probably a great toy but i got it for my two year old and it was rather confusing and he was never interested in it. Also, it is a little confusing to me. Does that sound dense? I would say this puzzle is for a five year old and up. it might be fun to drive around the cars but they are always turning upside down, etc. which ads to the confusing nature of it.
As the previous user stated, this is obviously a bootleg album. You can tell by the artwork (most notably the pixelated image on the front cover) as well as the mis-spelled songs on the back cover.I rarely ever purchase these sorts of CDs, but in this case I did only to have something in the car when I don't have my Ipod with me.
Be careful. The box packing for this says it works with a PowerBook G4 or an iBook G3. It will not work for a iBook G4. The Amazon product page does not make that clear.
It isn't very often that I turn off a movie and walk away before it has ended but this movie was deserving of such behavior. Damn you Michael Bay for killing my childhood memories about Transformers. I believed that you were sincere when apologizing for the previous embarrassment that netted you a lot of money and wanted to believe that this movie would be better. No, it wasn't. Where is your pride? Better yet, where is your soul. Wait, I can see it circling the drain ready to disappear forever. I will never watch any of your movies again and hope the same for others. you. sick. bastard.
Pampers Swaddlers were the best diapers when my son was a newborn, but we have found that all Pampers in sizes larger than 2 are awful! I much prefer both the Target and Walgreens brands. Pampers leak every single time he wears them (he is 18 months now) so this leads to SO much more laundry! I would NOT buy them again.
Fascinating as a look into the symbol-laden mind of the highly learned James Joyce. The entire history of the world up until the first quarter of the twentieth century is here. Unfortunately, you have to spend years playing archaeologist to discover its hidden treasures. I've spent two years studying this thing, and will waste no more of my life on it: everything that Joyce has said in this has been said more eloquently and (obviously) more clearly elsewhere.NOTE: If you're undecided about this, read the first page. If you hate it, you'll hate the rest. If you love it, you'll love the rest. The quality of the writing stays fairly consistent.
"It would have been nice if the editor included a bibliography, so people could read an entire novel. For example, The ""Romance of Lust"" selection doesn't do its author justice. The original is a big book, wherein the author couldn't possibly have held a job anywhere since he devoted his entire day to erotic diversions. No one was safe, not even his aunt and sisters. Well, maybe the family dog. Other selections were uninteresting too. Is the editor really a Major? Why do we need his military rank in such a book? Is he still in active duty???"
"Yes yes, I know your thinking ""EVERYBODY LOVES SPONGEBOB!""And I do admit that it is funny and cute. But It is quite annoying. The show was fine. But a MOVIE?!? I would rather watch a 24/7 marathon of Telatubies! The only person in SpongeBob Squarepants that is even remotely funny is Patrick Star!And like every other movie based off of a show, when you return to the show, THEY ACT LIKE IT NEVER HAPPENED! Not to mention a lot of people are mad a Nick for canceling Invader Zim! So if you want to save yourself from brain damage, I recomend not seeing this movie.Trust me, that would be a wise choice."
Am I the only one who didn't like this movie? Why this was so critically accliamed is beyond me. It was all...bleh. The action, the characters, the acting, the dialouge......it was all bleh. Sure, it may be the best Batman movie, but that's not saying much at all. The talk was that this was going to be a dark and realistic movie. I just saw it as another silly superhero fare. I guess I just don't like superheroes. If you want an interesting and dark action flick, check out the Bourne series. Batman is just for little kids and comic book fans.
I have always wanted to bellydance and got this as my first video. It was not at all what I had imagined and quite frankly scared me. Bellydancers were always something mysterious and beautiful and graceful. Atea is awkward to watch and comes off quite bizarre. Not anything to want to imitate and strive to be like.
Well for starters monique's stand up always involve male bashing because by the looks of her I can understand and the other comedians were garbage as well (except for paul mooney). This was by far the sorriest shaquille o'neal comedy video in his production, I definitely do not think this video was funny.
I find it very frustrating not to be able to choose my own color! If this practice was changed, I might order this product!
poor acting. somehow has rated 4/5 stars which means 4/5 people that rated it are idiots. has about 3 scary parts total. the acting is horrifying though. scariest part of the movie by a long shot was the acting.
"I am writing this review because I don't want another person to read the editor's reviews and believe that this CD is anything but garbage. I am a huge fan of Dirty Vegas, but by far, this is not their best effort. In fact, it took no effort on their part at all. They put a couple of songs from the 80's and 90's and compiled them on one CD. There wasn't any great beats, vocal overlays, or anything to speak of that would have made this CD unique. I could have made this CD at home on my computer and ""mixed"" it better than this. Please, if you value your money spend it on something else. Let this CD go to the wayside. You will be better for it. I ended up giving my copy away!"
Written in old style English.Authentic in that extent but unreadable and almost frustrating to complete.If you have a knack for not giving up halfway and you don't ever wish to break that trend, don't be tempted by this book.Skip it.
"I cannot believe I paid so much for a camcorder that has such a JUNKIE battery charger built in. If it gets bumped even slightly, or has too much pressure on the cord just laying there, it comes out. You pick up a camera thinking it is charged, and find out it is NOT!! Bought before going on vacation, & called the store upon my return to complain. They said, ""That is just Sony's way of making you buy a separate charger."" After several months of hassles, I notified Sony about my dissatisfaction with this, & their customer service rep sent me a smart-alec reply by e-mail. Won't buy another Sony product if that is how they take care of customers. Sandy"
I didn't buy the printer from Amazon. But because I like Amazon and value its readers is my reason for writing this. The HP Photosmart 2575xi that I purchased was a great machine. However, when you discover its little idiosyncrasies it becomes a royal pain in the neck! The paper feed does not work correctly and I am not the only one that has had this problem. It completely destroyed my faith in HP when techs tell you turn it off 3 times and then what? Send it back...............You have to hand feed like a little baby.........then the paper jam error comes up................wonder what HP Tech's go to school for.......to learn to say turn it off 3 times and unplug it for 10 minutes..........then repeat it...sounds like level I techs on the Internet Providers..........Get your act together HP.....................
"I thought this would be a interesting look at the future, and since it's heralded as a great classic, I decided to read it. I'm sorry, but this book is just DISTURBING. I couldn't even bring myself to finish it. The plot was confusing, the characters were dull, and the idea is to horrid to contemplate. The ""hero"", Guy Montag, is a strange man in the beginning, and becomes a fugitive murderer later on. Unless you want to see an awful, bleak look into the future, DO NOT READ FAHRENHEIT 451!"
This book wasn't what I expected; never read an Anne Rice, but after reading what others had written, thought I'd buy a book of hers.Should have saved my money; this story was too far-fetched. Didn't finish it.
This is one of those books that copies all of the information from other books and tries to call it their own (an does not give all the information needed to do the few examples). If need information on bookbinding, the best I have found is Hand Bookbinding: A Manual Of Instruction by Aldren Watson (also available here).
i can't live without carbohidrates! if you want to lose your mind, follow this diet; the pills dr bernstein prescribes for people who are addicted to carbohidrates, my doctor will not prescribe, i know this because he recomended me the high carb low fat diet to loose weight.
I read this book and i hated it. Don't waste your money on it. It will ruin any respect you have for books. Three words: DON'T BUY IT!!!!!!
As other reviewers have noted, this is a ground-breaking, hilarious, one-of-a-kind movie. It deserves to be in everyone's DVD collection, even if your collection consists of but two DVDs. It deserves five, even six, stars, but...I urge you to wait for another DVD version, for two reasons: first, if ever a film deserved extras, it's WHO FRAMED ROGER RABBIT?, but we get none on this over-priced DVD. Second, the movie is trimmed by a scant few seconds (on grounds of poor taste in the offending scenes), but the critical thing is -- It IS censored. Strike a small blow for the ability to decide for yourself, and avoid this DVD. Wait -- it'll show up in an unadulterated version at some point in the near future.
The pic was so small - couldn't see that it was exclusively screws - no nuts at all. I didn't lose my screws - I lost a nut on my glasses. How can you send out an eye class repair kit with no nuts? Please send me some nuts for my eye glasses.
My girlfriend and I went to see The Haunting and almost walked out. I jumped once in the whole movie. It was slow, the acting was not very good. Do not waste your time with this one! I would have given this 0 stars but they did not have that option. BORED TO DEATH!
As someone who is interested in different cultures, I thought the book would be an interesting window into other people's thoughts. Instead, I open it to find a swearing cat (he uses the F word) denigrating religion and showing religious people as hypocrites, in a lame stereotypical way. Might be interesting to others, but its not interesting to me. Not only is it not suitable to children, but there are a lot of adults who would not want to be bothered with this kind of disrespect and vulgarity either. I wish I had been warned before I tried to read this book.
por favor no gaste su dinero en este pesimo y mediocre libro,,lo unico que la mujer y el chino hacen es mostrar su impresionante flexibilidad,pero nada mas,,no aportan tecnicas reales ni explicaciones para llegar a ese estado.me parece mas bien que los autores lo que quieren es que la gente sepa que ellos tienen una super-flexibilidad impresionante.este es solamente un librito y nada mas,, muy,,muy pero muy mediocre
My High school english teacher swore that this was God's gift to literature. I tend to disagree. I understand what Garcia Marquez is trying to get at with his symbolism, but the reptitious names and slow plot make a good book lag.
YOU KNOW SOMETIME HIS MUSIC ALL SOUNDS THE SAME .DON'T GET ME WRONG HE IS VERY VERY TALENTED BUT THIS CD JUST REALLY DOES NOTHING 4 ME IT SOUNDS LIKE SOMTHING THAT HE HAS DO BEFORE HE JUST REMASTERD IT .TRY AGAIN KELLY BECAUSE YOU DID NOT PULL THE SHEETS OVER MY HEAD WITH THIS ONE.
"David Weber uses a trick in this book that I think is cheating at writing, and not in a good way. One chapter ends with the main characters in dire straits, and then the next one starts with them having overcome the problem without any explanation. Did he get tired of writing or is he just inept?Otherwise I'd say that I would recommend the book to readers age 12-16. To an adult the characters seems a trifle ""fantastic""."
I used this product for about a week and a half then decided to stop using it. At first I had the straps adjusted too tight which made my foot and leg hurt from squeezing too much. Then I loosened them and thought it would be better but my foot hurt so much that I would wake up about 3AM in pain and would have to take it off and the sound of velcro peeling away at 3AM also wakes up the person beside you too. When you lay down your foot naturally wants to turn to the side and with this brace on, it put pressure against the side of my foot which was tolarable for a few hours but then it would really start hurting where the strap went around my foot. If I kept my foot pointed straght up then it did not pull but that isn't how my foot is naturally positioned when I sleep. It's a little pricy for what it actually is.
This is the worst printer ever. The other reviews are right! Tons of paper jams! I have to sit and babysit it and feed it sheet by sheet because it wont pick paper! DO NOT BUY!!!!
"This review is for ""Connecticut Yankee"" only. This movie is very enjoyable even as a musical! But there's one big problem - it's a moral one. Bing Crosby goes for a beautiful lady who is betrothed to someone else. Why couldn't this beautiful lady not be ""taken"" in the storyline? This movie reminds me of ""Titanic"" by James Cameron, where Kate Winslet is to marry someone else but goes for Leonardo DiCaprio without breaking off the other engagement first, which would have been the right thing to do. A lot of people think there's nothing wrong with this behavior. I would love to keep this movie for my collection...but it lacks class."
"Robocop 3(1993) was the last nail in the coffin for the Robocop film franchise. B movie director Fred Dekker tones down the violence and adds a lot of campy humor into the film so it can get a PG-13 rating. Peter Weller bailed from the series and Robert John Burke was cast as Robocop! Officer Lewis(Nancy Allen) is tragically killed off by an evil OCP officer! Robocop takes sides with people who are being kicked out of their homes by OCP so they can build Delta City over Old Detroit. The film is even more camped up by throwing a robo-ninja into the movie! Basil Poledouris returned to give us a real Robocop music score. Robocop 3 is a mish-mash of serious drama and campy comedy. Robocop ""borrows"" a pimp's car to chase bad guys! Even with the best of intentions, Robocop 3 was still a failure."
"Ray J is not a thug... This as well as his image is all a FRAUD. It's insufferable listening to all his whining. Even R. Kelly's presence on ""Quit Actin'"" and Mya on ""Sexy"" are not enough to save this garbage. Ray J take a hint and ""Quit Actin'"" yourself and while you are at it stop singing too."
This is a very good concept, but poorly executed. On my particular saw, the tilt section of the table didn't fit flush, so it made the right side of the table useless. Once raised to the 45 degree position, the tilt section was wobbly, as one of the flimsy plastic props did not even touch its rest. The blade ran neither true nor parallel to the fence. The blade retaining nut had to be tightened about every 10 cuts. The blade actually flew off the shaft a couple of times. The tile caught on the plastic end caps of the fence, which stick out. I could easily stall the motor with ordinary 1/4 inch ceramic tile. Can't remember all the other thigs wrong with it, I was in too much of a hurry to return it.
"It's all been done before but with talented actors. This movie should only be shown in acting school : ""Bad acting 101"". Totaly unconvincing perfomances all around especially by Emily Hampshire, could that mean bad directing? Don't waste time or money."
"I was convinced that after the great reviews of this product this had to be the best on the market. Unfortunately, it was not. Frankly it's the worse I have ever tried. There really is no tutoring at all, it's all questions and if you want the answer you would have to click ""answers"" and it gives you a useless explanation. Not to mention the mistakes in some of the answers.I'm almost certain that 95% of the 5 star posts are bogus. It's impossible for an actual user to be impressed with this product. I returned mine two days after using it. This product is the WORSE in the market, I'm almost sure."
"I am a longtime Amazon buyer and a first time reviewer. I am also a Pampers Swaddlers devotee and so I thought, a fan of Pampers in general. I have since found that all Pampers are not created equal. I typically use Pampers Swaddlers in the day and Huggies Overnights at night for my 8 month old son - who is not by any means a ""super soaker"". I bought the Pampers Baby Dry because they had a good deal going, so I thought I would give them a try. With ""12 hours of overnight protection"", what's not to like? The first night I used these, I found my son's entire frontside wet in the morning. Okay, so it's hard to find a really good overnight disposable. Maybe I should have bought one size up from his usual. I thought, ""I'll just use them during the day..."". Well, after just 1 nap and about 3 hours in the diaper, again soaked. What a waste!"
I am an avid reader and always have been pleased with Oprah's picks. This book however was painful to get through and I was so disappointed that I finally put it away for good. This is the first book I can honestly say I have never finished nor would ever like to. I have read other books by Gabriel Garcia Marquez but I certainly do not see this one as his best work! What a sleeper!
Collars will go bad as soon as you wash them or send them to the dry cleaners. I would prefer going to Marshalls or Ross and get a better deal. Please dont waste your money.
Batman Begins (Limited Edition Gift Set) [Blu-ray]I was all ready to watch this Blu-ray movie on the night before Dark Knight opened. When I put it my Sony Blu-ray player it would not play. I later read on the box that some Blu-ray planers need to be upgraded to play the movie. Amazon should have told me about this before I bought this item. Blu-ray players are still very costly, so I am very upset.
It is absolutely unbelievable this woman IS a therapist, by reading her book, she NEEDS one. She relates to clay more than to children or people. Whatever she was looking for in an Amish community, she never found it and translates that to the reader. Don't waste your time with this very poor read.
Placed an order on 09/08/04, today is 10/08/04.I've been waiting for 1 month already and it still has not been shipped!!!Are you challenging the customers' patience???
This books just didn't do it for me. I enjoy PC but this book. Seemed too easy. Things just happend, people just called. In fact, I think this books had some bad editing. I felt as though all what was needed was there, and that someone just yanked out the big sections for no reason.I am still a fan, but this one is a skipper.The doc just happens, to see the resturante that the killer was using.The polices offer in charge is left in the subway with two people who are not police. Just does not at add.
"I'm getting very angry at some of these companies that are releasing very poor Quality DVDs.""I'd Give My Life"" could have been very enjoyable if they spent a little time fixing it up. In some areas the movie goes dark and light and dark and light. It gets very annoying. There's crackle and popping sounds through out the movie."
John Douglas sold himself out to the Ramseys. Acting as a paid consultant, he met with them and reviewed evidence and the crime scene. He criticizes colleagues and other law enforcement that believe the Ramseys are guilty. Mr Douglas did not work for the Boulder police or the D.A. so the evidence he reviewed was that which was made available by the Ramseys.If this isn't tainted, I don't know what is.The rest of the book rehashes old cases and does not offer any new information. It's a waste of time and money. Mr Douglas should be ashamed of himself for selling out.
If this movie were worse (and if it COULD be) there would undoubtedly be an unhealthy number of premature deaths .... First of all, there's Poseidon. This CG bill shut is an outrage to humanity. His rolling waveface accompanied by Assanti's pitiful attempt to weep provides an outstanding performance which may (being optimistic) top the emotion found in a dramatic episode of Mr. Rogers. I am certain that if poor old (really old) Homer were given a second life to live in this century, he would probably waste it by inflicting himself with chimera. With all due respect, though none is due, this film is pathetic. That's all I have to say. Just DON'T watch this movie before (or even after) you read the book, unless you wish to perish at an unnaturally early stage in life!!!!!!!!GOODBYE!!!!!!!!
"Sorry Clay, I kept an open mind...but this CD is a corny, wimpy collection of out-dated pop. Clay should have stayed the red-haired, freckle-faced, 4-eyed christian singer that he once was. They have turned him into to a blonde, spiky haired howdy doody. My friends and I say......""CLAY NO WAY""!!!!!"
I thought this was a kit for 1 door, which would mean 2 pins and bushings.I feel it was misleading, as you actually need to buy 2 of this kit to fix one door.Which means this is not the cheapest one on the market.The sale on the other hand was smooth, no complaint.
I have been pleased with the regular pampers size 1, but I'm very disappointed with the Baby Dry Size 1. They are significantly smaller than the regular size 1 diapers and do not cover the back of my baby, so it's been one mess and clothing change after another.
I am a big Clay Aiken fan and anxiously awaited his full cd. Unfortunately, this cd was not what I expected. Apparently, this was a rushed job because none of songs really appeal to me. The cd is bland, uninspiring and totally not what I expected. I expected more and hopefully his next cd will be better.
"This video is fine if you are looking for help with form and stretching exercises. I was hoping for more about the ""chi"" of running, and ""chi"" in general. I love the bits I have read about Chi Running, but I wish this was a video of the material in the book. Then maybe I wouldn't feel guilty when I see the book on my shelf (mostly) unread. I'm hoping there will be an audio version in the future."
This poor character never catches a break, and the writer makes you care for her, deeply. Emotionally draining and depressing
I know this popcorn is healthy and all but it has very little flavor. I have had much better kettle korn, maybe kettle korn that is not as healthy, but at least I can taste it.
It's hard to believe people buy this schtick. Between Mr. Aikens' overly dramatic singing and the really middle-of-the-road songs, there isn't anything here worth hearing more than once. Mr. Aiken might make a decent interpretive singer if he had more experience and better material. Maybe next time . . .
While Troma treated this well regarded latter day Argento film reasonably well with its DVD release, and its initial $14.98 VHS release, anyone who is a fan of this talented director's visual virtuosity and deft use of color, camerawork, and scene composition should be aware that this new, reduced-price VHS version of The Stendhal Syndrome is in the inferior *EP* speed mode. I have yet to ever see an EP release of a film on video that did not have considerable video noise and very poor color quality. Since the original, more expensive SP version of the tape appears to be in the process of being phased out by the less than artistic-oriented Troma, this is very unfortunate.Please, Troma, give us VHS buyers back a decent quality SP version of this film.And please, Amazon, do include a note in the technical information section when you do carry a VHS tape in EP mode.
This movie was crap. It boasts of a journey of submission and tale of D/s. It is boring and merely a poorly filmed interpretation of the lustful quest for dominantion.
I LOVE THIS MOVIE but the disk isn't even recognized by any system i put it in. This DVD will not play.
"This was the worst movie I have ever seen. It was depressing to watch and the story was very poorly written. All of the ""segments"" were left hanging and never actually came together at the end. There was nothing shocking about the ending, it just ended. I had to double check to be sure that was indeed the credits rolling. What a jip, I want my money back. I foolishly bought this movie without seeing it first thinking it had to be good with all the known actors and the description on the back sounded good. Boy was I wrong! I threw it in the garbage, the first movie I have ever thrown away."
How this man has managed to write so many books while knowing nothing about 1) travel and 2) archaeology is a mystery to me. First he shows up in Jordan with no local money on a Friday (you'd think someone passing themselves off as a knowledgeable traveller would have figured out banks in an Arab country are closed on the Muslim sabbath) Then he continues on with a series of quack theories about aliens, and technologically advanced ancient civilizations, and harps that make rocks float. There not even good quack theories, like Hancock or Buval (who, while equally worthless, at least make an attempt to back up their theories) Read something else.
I am a amazon customer since Aug2010 but i never had this kind of experience that my account is charged several times in a month and same product is dumped into my home.When check with the customer care they are saying i might hit the button several times so my subscription duplicated and hence i am receiving the same product multiple time.I don't know how it is possible.Finally i am able to cancel my account.So be care full when you are subscribing and check you account(credit/debit) attached to the subscription frequently.
Paid around 10 bucks for the shirt, but its not wort 10 bucks at all, cant wear to office cos the cloth is see thru. very thin cloth.
This is just a knock off of crocodile dentist. It comes from China, and was already broken. The package was so beat up, I couldn't even give it as a gift. Also, it doesn't work. It just snaps every 2nd tooth, and sometimes the teeth don't pop up. This is a very small version as well, the description doesn't tell you it's travel size.
"Once again a remake takes a ""Classic"" film ""The Haunting""(the best haunted house movie ever) and retooled it as an effects driven mess. Did they even watch the original or read the wonderful novel? Surely not if this is what they came up with. All the subtler aspects of the first are thrown out in favor of the mind numbing CGI effects. The result is one big dud of a ""thriller"". The cast is good but wasted as the makers seem more intent on showing us what they can do with CGI rather than giving us a true ""chiller"" like the better than ever original was.All in all, not even a nice try!!!"
Forgive me for saying this but this C.D. is pretty bad.I thought the music was pretty good in the game, but I guess some music wasn't meant for remixes. I don't really think anyone should buy this C.D. if they really like Parisite Eve music. so do yourself a favor and buy the real untainted soundtrack to this game, and not waste your money like I did.
This is a very, very long film, but poor performances make it longer. $24 is a lot to pay for an incomplete story line.
My Dad bought a Tivo for my Mom for Christmas, and we were all very excited about it. However, eventhough it was easy to hook up, as soon as it was it started conflicting with our HD channels and it messed up our sound. Also, it goes on rampages taping shows at random and quickly filling up the given 80 hrs. I figured the sound problem was probably just loose audio wires which I checked time and time again. I called the tech support where I waited on hold for almost an hour then they told me that sometimes the audio feed would fragment and they offered to replace the Tivo if I shipped it back in its original box... More effort than its worth.. Should've gotten the Charter DVR. I dont recommend this product if you have a cable box.
THIS IS A BLATANT CASE OF FALSE ADVERTISING THAT I'VE EVER SEEN! I'M EXPECTING TO SEE FLEETWOOD-MAC PERFORMING ALL THE SONGS FROM THEIR ALBUM 'RUMORS' (WHICH IS A GREAT PIECE OF WORK!). INSTEAD, ALL I SEE ARE THE RECORDING TECHNICIANS EXPLAINING HOW THEY MIXED THE VARIOUS SONGS, WHICH, BRINGS ME TO MY MAIN BEEF...ONLY BITS AND PIECES OF THE SONGS ARE PLAYED. NONE OF THE SONGS WERE PLAYED IN THEIR ENTIRETY. ALSO, THE INTERVIEWS WITH THE BAND MEMBERS SEEMED TO FOCUS ON WHO HAD AN AFFAIR WITH WHOM AND WHY THE AFFAIR ENDED. WHO CARES? I WANTED TO SEE F-M PERFORM AND WAS VERRRRRRY DISAPPOINTED WHEN THEY DIDN'T. AT LEAST I HAVE MEMORIES OF TWO OF THEIR CONCERTS THAT I ATTENDED YEARS AGO.
undoubtedly the worst piece of equipment i have ever owned. literally threw it into the street less then twenty minutes ago. the only enjoyable experience was heaving it fifteen feet into the air and watching it splatter in the driveway.paper jams, ink problems and general misery all around.would give this a negative 5 stars if i could.
This movie was not an original concept. The jokes were lame, as were the performances. The writer and director disappointed the audience by using Adam Sandler, Seth Rogen and Jonah Hill as a box office draw. When in fact, it wasn't worth the money to see this film in a theatre.
This item is on sale, for a reason. It is not any better than the original one that came with the speaker. Very thin wires. Very dissapointing. I had to go to best buy and spend $35 to get some better wires.
The music has been out. What is the purpose of it? Forget it
I had another airbed that lasted about 2 years before there was a leak and needed to replace it. This one had pretty good reviews and it was taller when inflated and would be easier to get on and off it. I did like the airbed and it was comfortable. We used it less than 5 times over the last 4 months and it deflated slightly last time I used it. I should have investigated further at that time but just deflated it until next use. I used it this weekend and had to pump it up again in the middle of the night and I think my time for warranty is over with.
i was wondering if anyone else who has purchased this amp is having the same problem as me. i am using an old advent 300 as the pre-amp. the souce is either a laptop or mp3 player. at the beginning of a song or when the music is slightly muted the amp kicks off, the music stops. it's very irritating because it give the music a halting quality. when it's picking up the music it sounds great....but i can't listen to it when it's doing this. i am not an audiphile so it maybe something in the setup but it seemed pretty straight forward. thanks for any input.
The movie skips a few scene transitions and once it got to chapter 15 I couldn't watch any of the rest of the movie at all and the file online said it was 'like new.' The disc itself looks clean but it will not play at all in my 2 week old player and three other players I tried it in.......
I found her concept very, VERY good, BUT, unless you're really flush and can afford to spend a great deal of money for a LOT of number combinations per game, it certainly doesn't increase your odds much. Now... there ARE folks who can afford, and DO buy, many ticket combinations per game... so for THEM this may be helpful; however, for the average person who buys only a few number combinations each game, this is a waste of time. Sorry Gail :o( !!
Product is as shown but they didnt have it in stock and it took them almost a month to ship. And then instead of sending next day to compensate they sent it regular mail so it took another week to receive. Not too happy with their customer service.
I ordered these sheets hoping for that comfy flannel sheet I remembered from the old days. Snuggling under the covers in the Fall and Winter, cosseted by soft sheets. Perhaps, I was too optimistic, given the price.These sheets seem to be fairly good quality, but they don't have that fuzzy softness of flannel. There's really not much nap. They are made of a low thread count sort of jersey fabric. The patterns are good, and they come packaged nicely, but in an era where high thread count sheets are available affordably, these sheets are a disappointment.If you like jersey-type sheets, and you aren't too concerned about the softness right out of the package or the thread count, these could be just right for you. And you can't beat the price.
"The Bottom Line:Repeating the formula of the moderately-better ""The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe"" (poor CGI, lots of religious references, and uneven performances) but with a worse script and a terrible turn by Ben Barnes as a hunky European version of the film's title character, Prince Caspian not only fails as a self-contained film, but bodes very poorly for the franchise."
My oldest usually does good with her cruisers so I figured why not when i bought these for my youngest! Every 30 minutes she'd be soaked and on top of that, everytime she pooped she had blowouts ruining about 5 of her sleepers. I do not blame Amazon for this, but NEVER in my life will I buy babydry again!
"Because this video in unrated and carries no warning in the information area I feel shoppers should be aware that this by all rights a soft core porn film with strong sexual content and little science fiction. I bought the VHS version from another source expecting the sort of movie ""Roger Corman Presents"" might sponsor, something along the lines of ""Species"" or Amanda & the Alien. While more in the vein of the latter the sci-fi part, {or any other technology for that matter}, is limited to a few teleportations via telekinesis and some aura/emotion melding. The movie is probably 60% by time made of sexual contact. Technically the movie is suprisingly well made for the genera. It is shot on film {not video tape}. The scenery is professionally done and the acting level reaches that of daytime soap operas. The sound quality is not bad. So the technical qualities are there to be transfered to DVD, just beware of the content."
One of the blurbs on the cover said 'The Daughter of Time' was the best mystery ever written. I seldom give up on a book but this is one that I discarded about a fourth of the way into.Save your money.
The author seems to be a very juvenile, wet behind the ear young woman who was attempting to publish anything with her name on it. This is definitely NOT a book on ettiquites that I would recommend, it is so basic, so, almost primative!
I am in no way knocking the author's writing. Whoever transfered this book did not do a good job. The story is disjointed and when turning the page does not match up with what was just read. From what I can make of this story it was good andnot a long read. Of course i have no idea how much is missing.
"As a child we lived in the Yakima Valley. Some summer afternoons my father would take me with him to buy vegetables from a Japanese farmer. My father, normally outgoing, was reserved and deferrential. Dad explained that the farmer before the war had been a successful engineer, but had lost everything when he was forced to go to ""the camp"" - a tragedy and great waste. I've been haunted by that guiet farmer ever since, so it was with enthusiasm that I began Stubborn Twig, the story of a Japanese family's American experience.Stubborn Twig is well researched and chock full of details about the Yasui family. Reading their story should be compelling. It's not. It's repetitious, tedious and a slow, difficult read. The last 50 pages, the third generation, is a mix of biography and sociologist psycho babble. So why read Stubborn Twig? Because it's an important story, an American story that has much to teach us, and one that shouldn't be forgotten."
"I would not buy this printer again. It quickly uses up all the yellow ink. This is a common problem with this printer. See Yahoo Answers, search for ""hp photosmart yellow"". I think they should be recalled."
Well after my first one started turning itself off and requiring unplugged rest time before it would come back on I called Samsung. They shipped me a refurbished replacement and it worked for four days. Now it won't display anything. On to replacement number two...
"This is one of those films where more emphasis was placed on the aerial dogfight sequences -- little or no thought went into the plot or acting.What a lame excuse for a movie. My biggest complaint of this movie is that it's so cliche you could cut it with a knife. The role of Texan Blaine Rawlings, who flits off at a moments notice to be with his new love, is beyond belief or plausability. The rest of the acting ensemble, other than Capt. Thenault (Jean Reno), were window dressing in this piece of movie dribble. And the dreaded German Ace was hardly more than a voyeur who wanted to savor his victory by the sight of his victim's face before they died.Lame plot, poor acting, dubious historical accuracy, wrapped around some nice dogfight sequences. What a shame, as I had hoped for better than this.Don't buy this turkey. Save your money and get ""Dogfight"" -- more accurate, exciting, and historically true."
Just Java 2 is very readable, but it does not do a very good job of teaching Java or OOP. I'd read a chapter and feel like I had a fairly complete understanding. But when I tried to apply what I learned, I always struggled. The problem for me was his examples are way too fragmented and incomplete. I spend lots of time reviewing FAQ sites for descent examples.I would not recommend this book.FYI - I am new to OOP, but relatively experienced with C, ADA, Fortran, ...
While there were some nice pictures and helpful information I was abit disappointed with the book in general. It was short (92 pages of large text),with no color pictures and just didn't seem like that helpful of a book for a first time mother. The book was first published in 1962 with an update in 1982 and I'm sure there have been quite a few new discoveries that would be quite informative for a first time mother since then. I felt like I was reading a high school biology book. OK for what it was but I'd not recommend it.
"I replaced an EPSON about 6 months ago that worked for about 9 months before the paperfeed went out. I thought I was ""movin' up"" by purchasing an HP, well, this one stopped working after 6 months: the printer carriage gets hung up on the right. I went to the website for troubleshooting options, none of which solved the problem....and the warranty is the biggest weakness...90-days! This alone speaks poorly of the expectations HP has of its own products. EPSON's warranty was 1 YEAR, but I had misplaced the receipt. SO, perhaps EPSON is a better deal, as long as you KEEP THE RECEIPT!"
This warmer looks better than it works. Does not keep beverages hot....only slightly warm. Might be ok for kids drinks but not adults. Wont buy another one.
Here are two songbirds who are trying to be the best singers of all time. I hate this diva routine! I admit they do have maybe one catchy tune.But,this song is so irritating.Two divas trying to hit the highest notes in one song!I give Whitney one star for her almost Josephine Baker look at the Oscars,you looked fine! And her Children song from the 80's. And Mariah for her badly premeditated sexy image and her undying effort to be the best,major ego! Two divas who should SHUT UP!
Bought the Tivo 80 hr. Video Recorder to hook up to a security camera. Was advised it should work. Tuner arrived with no instructions and full of previous owner's old recordings. Could not get instructions on TiVo's internet site and have not yet been able to get it to work. We keep getting error msg. that we have to be a TiVo subscriber to use it. Will probably just throw it in the trash where it belonged in the first place.
A reasonable read. Good story line although I expected it to be about captain cochrane himself. Worth a look at.
20 dollars and 2 1/2 hours I can never get back. I was disappointed by this movie I am actually embarrassed I bought it last Friday when it came out. My kids were so excited but after 2 hours even they had enough. During the scene where the building is crashing down My 9 year old asked What did Optimus Prime go on a lunch break? Once he did show up he made short work of the bad guys. The action scenes were amazing at first but became boring and tedious real fast. Shia LeBeouf is awful, his stupid jokes always seemed to come at the most inappropriate times. John Turturro's character may be the most stupid, intelligent character in a movie ever. No character development, no real emotion and Transformers that in many scenes never even fought back. If you have to rent it skip the first 45 minutes, but don't buy it it's just not worth it.
"It works with SimpleTech STI-UCF100 Reader,but not with Minolta 7i. It says ""Unable to use card"".Formating does not help."
This game, although somewhat fun, is very limited in its capacity. The only way that the game is able to guess the item about which you are thinking, is if you choose something (an object, etc.) that is very simple, and that you can describe with great accuracy. Otherwise, the game guesses your thoughts incorrectly most of the time. It is not very sophisticated, and is truly not worth the money. In other words, do not buy this product.
Just to start off, warmer is just what this thing does. I like my coffee just a bit hotter. This is my second warmer and it is not any better than the first one. I bought my second warmer at Wal Mart for around $5.00. Target on line list at $9.99. The major reason I use Amozon for most of my purchases is I can find things quickly and don't have to go store to store trying to find something. As I get older it is harder to get out and shop. Most of the time I get good deals but to be careful, you can get ripped off too.
"This book lost all credibility when I read the authors' attack on fundamentalism. I am a former fundamentalist, so I might be expected to have an apostate's bias against fundamentalism, but these authors are not only inaccurate but almost comically biased. The authors claim that the fundamentalists' belief in the truth of the Bible is ""borders on idolatry,"" that fundamentalists are ""often parasitic"" and define themselves not by belief in their scriptures or truth, but by their opposition to ""other approaches."" Instead of examining the mainstream Christian fundamentalist beliefs, the authors simply define all fundamentists as having ""a totally closed world view,"" and damn all fundamentalists by guilt through supposed association with the Ayatollah Khomeini, David Koresh and the Taliban.Lastly, the title is misleading, especially when sold in secular stores, as mine was. The title would more accurately be, _A Liberal Christian Response to Philosophy_, instead of the current title."
Don't waste your money on these unless you have an old computer. They will not fit over the keys on newer models.
I read this book as a teenager and was excited to be reminded of it recently. I went to Amazon to purchase the book to find that it is one without text to speech enabled.I make it my policy not to buy any book that doesn't have this feature as I prefer to read when I'm stationary and listen while I'm driving. Since the future isn't here yet and I can't safely read while I'm driving, this is a problem for me.Listen up publishers. I'm not going to buy your audio book. Disabling this feature just ensures that I'll not buy your ebook either. If I really want to read this book, I'll find a used copy because you've annoyed me that much.
I CANNOT walk away from a multipage project and expect to return and have the job done. I have to manually insert EVERY single sheet into the printer. It's a disaster. I've purchased HP printers for more than 10 years, and this is by far the worst peripheral device I have come across. STAY AWAY, unless you enjoy hand feeding your printer....
what the hell is it with americans? why cant they like GOOD music?> this band is awful, theres only one good song on this and that's the anthemic live forever, which is about the closest they got to a decent tune. every other song is idiotic, bash you over the head with a repeated riff rock that shouldn't ever be compared to the beatles EVER. the gallagher brothers are crap, in their attitude, their look and their songs. this is crappp. morning glory is a good album i admit, and that will be the only reason people care about them,,,,accept and move on
After receiving the cd in the mail, I opened it up and played it, and swore they shipped the wrong cd. This cd is Live, and they don't tell that in the details. It is also a poor version, even if you like Live music, I don't think you will like this.
I was expecting something similar to Office 2000 Resource Kit, a very good resource. but instead this book is not at all helpful for anyone who has never installed a server product before or been exposed to network issue decisions. Luckily I come from a Unix/Linux background and could understand the jargon and over emphasized subjects covered in this book. Active Directory is nothing more then an overblown address book (however, it is most useful) it's coverage is overdone in my opinion. Save your money and use the Server help documentation that comes with the product.
"If you REALLY want to write correct, you won't write ""correctly."" Yes, it's in common use but it is, by the rules of grammar, incorrect. It's an overcorrection, an unnecessary addition. Here's a simple rule of thumb: Substitute the word ""fast"" where you're thinking of adding an -ly. Would you say ""How to Speak and Write Fastly?"" No. Same part of speech, but it somehow escaped that stupid -ly trap."
I seem to be having the same problem as everyone else. I bought this DSL modem mostly to get UPNP support for my Nintendo Wii. Worked great for the first 6 months, but I noticed lately it can't connect to the DSL provider or when it does everything crawls and eventually it looses sync. Sadly, I had to replace it with my old DSL modem (SpeedStream) which works perfectly (so I know its not my phone lines or other problems). Also, I noticed the Zoom DSL modem heats up pretty bad, wondering if theres a connection between that and its failure rate.I would definitely find another DSL modem, especially after reading all the other posts regarding the poor reliability issues.
This looked so cool, I thought my kids would love it. But the gum base is impossible to stir - you need to nuke it for way longer than it says to and then it hardens up and is impossible to work with. It becomes hard and brittle rather than smooth and workable. Save your money and don't bother with this! My kids were totally disappointed!
The song selections and Art's playing are truly awesome, but,the sound quality of the first ten tracks is downright pitiful!Track #11, 'Wee Baby Blues' with band & Joe Turner singing, ismore a novelty tune. The 'clean' tracks, #13 thru #19 are allfrom the double-CD release: Art Tatum 20th century piano genius- which is probably a better option. The remaining good track,#12: 'I Got Rhythm' (w/ Tiny Grimes and Slam Stewart) is fromthe CD: I Got Rhythm: Art Tatum Volume 3 (1935-1944)- listen to this disc before buying it!
I would have given it zero stars if possible. This is the worst cd I have ever listened to. The quality of the recordings are so bad that it hurts your ears to listen to it. This has the sound of the worst bootleg recordings I have ever heard. What a waste of money. This is the only cd that I have bought that I was actually unable to listen to. Talk about a sham by some corporate execs trying to make some money off of a dead guy.
One of the biggest disappointments I have seen in some time. My main complaint is when I see a theatrical trailer for a movie, and that rrailer implies the movie is a comedy, and then the movie does not deliver what the trailer seems to have promised, I hit the ceiling.There are characters in this movie who's inclusion makes no sense since they don't advance the plot and don't really come off as amusing either.The whole premise of buying a house in a foreign country in which you barely speak the language makes no sense either.I don't know -- maybe it's me -- it seems like the time would have been better spent watching a travel film on Tuscany.Ho-HUM!!
I can't believe the reviewer who turned this off after the first 30 minutes. How in the world did anyone watch this for 30 minutes? So I only watched 10 minutes, but a movie that starts the way this one does is not getting any more of my time. My hairdresser highly recommended this, and all I have to say to her is, don't give up your day job to become a movie critic! Total garbage.
I bought thnking was another artist, but anyway when I watch it , how bad this guy sing, very bad, no voice, it is terrible show, terrible sound. Not worth it at all
I ordered according to the size chart for my measurements and it was way to small!! Very uncomfortable.I returned it,
The Book is old and discolored and is not the book you advertised when I see a product that is what I expect. The copy in the picture is what I expected. And this book is not new. The one in the picture is the collector edition. I did not want just any copy.
I had hoped for a more from Sandisk. After about 10 very frustrating days of trying to get it to work properly, the unit stopped altogether. The expansion memory never did work. It would only duplicate what was on the internal memory. Sandisk support was polite and tried to be helpful. Unfortunately, we were not in any way successful in getting the unit to work. After I got the error message on my computer that the unit has malfunctioned and should be replaced, I sent it back.SanDisk Sansa View 8 GB Video MP3 Player (Black)
"Oasis' debut album ""Definitely Maybe"" is a fair start into the pop world, using symbolism, metaphors, guitar crunch and Lennon-esque high pitched vocals. ""Live Forever"", the breakout tune, gets annoying at times and the rest of the album gets lost. Oasis sounds like a Beatles cover band doing the lost songs of the late great John Lennon. Fair."
Mounting the rack on the vehicle is not an easy process. The rack is not designed for cars with plastic bumpers. The thumb screws that tighten the legs & arms are made of cheap black plastic and can easily be stripped. The Saris Bones 805-2-Bike Trunk Mount Rack is poorly designed.May I suggest you go out and purchase a Thule bike carier, or hitch mount carrier by Thule. You get what you pay for...
"If you have watch the film based on this novel more then once, then you'll find this book an interesting read. As usual film is very different from the novel, but this only makes it a good read if you are into S & M.Spoiler warning.Many of you probably want to read the chapter when Lisa was having sex Elliot. This is very different from the movie. In the novel Lisa is ""doing him""."
I am thourghly disappointed in this Sansas View. It deleted songs all the time wont keep them on wont connect to computer, if it keeps them it puts them on 3 or 4 times and when you detelted the dups.it deletes them all.
I found this book to be rather silly. Never mind that the protagonists work at sex club, they are just two crazy kids in love. If you want to read a traditional romance novel where the character's pasts as S and M enthusists are hinted at, this is your book. I was trully surprised at how convential this book was and expected more from Ann Rice. The ending was particularly silly and Harlequin-esq.
"This is the first time that I've ever felt so compelled to write a review for a movie I thought was horrible. But this movie is that bad.I can't believe someone actually enjoyed this.The one liners, and that whole rock candy thing??? What was that all about? Was that supposed to be funny?Who wrote this anyway? He should be tried in a criminal court for waisting my money and my time.The acting was also some of the worst I've seen. I will never be able to watch Terminator 2 again.Oh, the explosions were impressive. Maybe if you took away everything but the explosions it wouldn't be too bad.Thanks. I feel a little ""dumber"" for having sat through the whole thing."
Just like a real museum, everything in Namco Museum is OLD. I grew up in the 80's. I played Atari and Colico. I remember Pong, Missile Command and many others. I remember that they only kept my attention for about twenty minutes at a time.
There are a couple good songs on this album. But the rest of it is just really bad. But you can just tell by the songs Chain Me Free and Sick Little Suicide they do have potential. Hopefully theyre next cd will be better then this one.
When it's working, it's fun to watch it go up and down and around, but the battery is basically between the two pieces which are held together by a o-ring, no screw, no plastic ridge to pop it together, so basically it's really easy to pop apart, especially when turning it on and off involves twisting it, which many times makes it pop open. (The battery being sprung is pushing against the o-ring)anyhow, get a kid near it, and it's fragile setup basically ends up in two pieces in the water, and water in the motor, and days drying out... after a few times of this happening, the motor has started to turn slow (probably starting to rust inside).If the company could redeisgn this to get a positive locking to the pieces, this toy would be a home run, but as it's stands, it's really just a great idea stuck with a poor design.
This is a really bad movie. The characters are one dimensional, the acting is sluggish, the dialogue is banal and contrived, the directing is awful, but worst of all, the script is terrible. The screenplay oozes simplistic simple minded notions of political correctness and insight where there is none. Audrey Wells purports to have written a complex and surprising story with unexpected twists and turns, but what she has produced is a shallow and unsatisfying film with no real purpose other than to make the fairly obvious point that life is full of surprises and unexpected outcomes. Gee - what an insight. The characters are completely unsympathetic and the only thing that makes this film watchable at all is the backdrop of Cortona. This film entirely misses the point of the book and I just hope the author was well paid for allowing her book to be associated with this awful movie.
Was not happy - shoes did not fit as stated (fit very small) and were very narrow for my feet.
I am going to have to disagree with most of the other reviews posted here. This is not the best that Stereolab has to offer. The first Stereolab records I heard were Dots & Loops and Cobra and Phase... I was absolutely blown away by those albums. I just couldn't get that excited about this one though. The songs are just kind of lifeless; they have some interested ideas, but never really get anywhere with them. It has the same Stereolab sound without any bounce or interplay between the instruments. I would recommend Dots & Loops over this one 7 days a week and twice on Sunday
"My Daughter pulled apart the ""tree trunk"" that came with this set and the tiny magnets inside fell out along with very small plastic parts. She is almost four but still put the ""candy"" in her mouth. We ended up spending half the day getting her checked out and now must watch her and her brother to make sure they did not swallow a magnet (one magnet is missing). she is not generally rough on her toys and this came apart way too easily. So if you have children under @ 6, beware. Only let them have this if you are right there with them at all times. If I hadn't been right there my child could have died."
Check their web site at www.emarker.com. A pity. This looked like a good idea. :-(
I quess I ordered the wrong ones, did not fit my ear piece well. I've never been able to find any other pieces for this particular ear piece so I quess I just have to trash it.
I purchased this for my 2004 Kia Optima LX. When I went to install it, everything seemed good. But the car was about an inch wider than the hitch and the hitch was not centered in the car. So either the hitch was off center or the car's mounts were. Otherwise seemed like a great hitch.
Crystal Phillips gained sooo much self-esteem she had a long term affair with my spouse, which led to years of tension in my family(didn't know why at the time)...WOW Crystal...I can think of a few titles for your next book. I even remember our chance meeting....it's a small world after all!
My husband bought these by accident and I was glad to see them go. We normally use Pampers Swaddlers and Pampers Baby-Dry do not come close to comparing.While using these, my daughter had a few accidents (I will be fair and say that a couple of those could have been as a result of human error) and they do not appear to be nearly as durable.Unfortunately, I would not feel comfortable recommending these... spend the extra money and go for the Swaddlers.
Which is worse his ego or his partisan views? This guy has an agenda and it's almost as dumbed down as his representation of the news. One more example of the whole show going in the toilet.
In my opinion this is a strictly budget minded seat purchase.The seat springs make squeaky crunching noises as they compress when I ride it.Gave it to a homeless bicyclist.
As thought Christians are the only ones who get angry... Or as though, if you want to work with anger more constructively, you ought to become a Christian... This book serves to put off many readers because of it's failure to be inclusive.
This book was very boring. The characters were not exiting and difinitly not interesting. The book was not badly writin just had a bad plot. The characters like kit had no adventures or exitment. If that is what you are looking for I recomend you get a differnt you get a book. I do not think the characters were very exiting and did not work to make the plot interesting or adventurues. That is why don't think the book is good. If this book was non-fiction I would have understood.
I have been using Baby Drys (via Amazon Mom) on my now 11 mo old for several months with no problems. There has been either an unannounced product change or a problem with this batch of diapers, as my child developed a severe diaper rash. The doctor confirmed it was a contact rash and the only recent change is this new box of diapers. Unfortunately, we'll be switching brands for at least the time being.Despite this problem, Amazon's customer service was great and promptly issued a refund for this product. I was pleased with the service.
On 04/03/02 I bought a new printer hp photosmart 1215, it installed perfectly, now, suddenly it decided to stop dead!I have contacted Hp Customer Care re the problem....timeout settings...no help availadle...also my PC tells me there are now no drivers for this device installed! How can this be???
Head gets stuck and does not snap. Very small and flimsy. I was disappointed with this and kids have not played with it at all. Should have taken heed to the other reviews which stated same.
Fabric is one of the cheapest. Stiching is very bad and sizing is off. Not even worth $7.50 sale price.
Though this story was written in a unique voice, it is not the great classic that everyone claims it is. It often wandered and was full of characters who's personality and dialogue (not to mention names) were all so similar that you could hardly tell them apart.Let's be honest, it's only trendy to read this right now because it was featured on Oprah's Book Club. Don't believe the hype.
Version: U.S.A / Region FreeAspect ratio: 2.40:1MPEG-2 BD-25Running time: 1:39:03Movie size: 18,51 GBDisc size: 20,22 GBAverage video bit rate: 17.05 MbpsLPCM Audio English 4608 kbps 5.1 / 48kHz / 16-bitDolby Digital Audio English 640 kbps 5.1 / 48kHzDolby Digital Audio French 640 kbps 5.1 / 48kHzDolby Digital Audio English 192 kbps 2.0 / 48kHzSubtitles: English / English SDH / Chinese / French / Korean / Portuguese / Spanish / Thai#Actor & Director Commentary#Gag Reel#Talkin Pidgin Featurette
The pieces of this puzzle are definitely no for kids..or even adults.Its made of poor quality wood and easily chips off.It chips off into such small pieces that can easily embed in anyone skin or even be eaten out of curiosity.Did not expect it from a M@D toy
Dont buy this album, its a bootleg [Unofficial] CD. Tatu will not recieve a dime from the sales of this CD.
I am admitting this review does not relate to the actual book but to Amazon so with apologies to Ray Bradbury...Ten bucks? Really? Come on Amazon, you know this book is on a lot of school reading lists. My kid loves her Kindle but when I can buy her school reading book lists for $2 at the used book store, you lost. In fact, it is a weird circle of irony - we used to buy books, they got too expensive, bought the kindle, it was great, then you made the books expensive again and... now we buy the books. You lost an opportunity here, Amazon. For the record, she hasnt picked up her Kindle in a month.Too bad for you.
"It is wayyyyyyyy too long and completely aimless. Some may call it ""complex""; but I call it crap. There are a few little laughs here and there - but nothing that would make this worth sitting through. Even when one steps away from the fact that this was not intended to just be a comedy and rather attempts to tackle some more serious content.....it still sucks. Don't waste your money. Watch ""I love you man"" or ""Grandma's Boy"" or something that is actually entertaining. I wish someone had warned me."
"Well whats to like about it other than the title track?The radio edit cuts out a big chunk of the outro and some of the intro and the 7"" version keeps a bit of the intro and still cuts out the outro. Wolf in sheeps clothing is 5 minutes of looping drums and bassline with cheesy 80's synth over the top.Overall though if you want all the songs, be sure to get the 5 track jewel case version as the cardboard slipcase with trays get annoying and damaged easy and its easier to have 1 cd with all the songs on it rather than 2."
As stated in the subject line, this product may be a good fitness ball but not firm enough to be a chair.
I was pleased with the quality of the pet stroller. It even has places for your water bottle, cell phone, purchases (bottom tray). Rec'd in perfect condition, and delivery time was quick.
Ordered a Belkin, got something unknown. Part number on unit (BI13-120100-AdU) doesn't match the advertised one. What's up with that? $11 is too much for a knock off brand.
When i received the movie, it wouldnt play in any of the dvd players that we have in the house,,i think the movie was a fake!!!!
I bought this as a xmas gift for my brother. The size of the show was way to big so he went and exchange it.
I purchases this set for simple craft projects...mainly to cut card stock and cardboard. I tried hammering the punches with my 12 oz. hammer and it didn't go through the card stock. Got my husbands big beefy hammer...it still will not punch through thin card stock. I am very disappointed in this product. Glad I didn't pay a lot...complete waste of $
I recently bought this product for my Palm TX and was equally disappointed as well as annoyed with the cheap belt clip. It isn't apparent in the photos, but there is a screw attached to the back of the case, which makes it impossible to lay flat. This I found extremely annoying. The clip (which you can take on and off) is extremely cheap and doesn't secure well. It flops and swirls around. Otherwise, the case would be fine. I do not recommend.
Other than my boots for which I have a standing-tiered shoe rack, this shoe tree is perfect with enough room to let my 9.5 women's size shoes hang without hitting one another. It has a weighted bottom so that it doesn't fall over and I can easily use the handle on top to pull it out of my closet if I am thoroughly confused as to what pair to wear on a particular day. Definitely a must especially if you have a walk-in closet.
"I was really excited to try this, however it is not for everyone. I have a ""flat"" stomach just flabby and then I have ""love handles"" so I thought this would just hold everything in but that's not how it worked for me. It feels great when I have it on but when I look in the mirror I have this pooch in the front that I didn't have before. It takes the extra from the sides and puts it all in the front. I think I would rather have the love handles. I do like the way it feels and the back support is great so I only wear it with baggy shirts. (Not exactly why I bought it but o well). I still gave it 4 stars because it is still working for me, just not how I thought it would."
love this diapers, they are so soft for babies and they fit very good and also the material is not hard for the babies' skin that for me is very important .
This was an important book when it was written, and amazingly it is still very relevant today. When it was written, the world was facing the threat of global communism. Wells does an excellent job of attacking the flaws of communism while also focusing on the ways it would be expanded in the future. When you look at the technology we have now, you realize that this book was somewhat prophetic.This book was certainly not a call to action against communism however. It was more the product of frustration and hopelessness, and a warning to the reader. As such, the book is pretty depressing. The characters are trapped in their world and completely unable to change anything about it. Even when it looks like there may be hope, it is soon crushed by Big Brother. I don't want to ruin the book for anyone who is thinking of buying it, so I'll say no more. This is a great read for anyone who needs a reminder of how important and delicate our freedoms are.
"kind of like hole, and kind of like sheryl crow, but personally i like garbage much better. If u buy the version 2.0 cd, make sure u listen to ""the trick is to keep breathing"". Garbage is a one of a kind band,they have a way with expressing a story with their music. Sooo...make sure u check out the version 2.0 cd, and the the soundtrack to ""BIG DADDY"""
Just what I wanted. A replacement for the original exhaust (that was rusted out) that sounded just alittle louder. This exhaust sounds perfect without being excessive. The bolt-on system was pretty straight forward but I did replace my catalytic converter as well.
An interesting experiment.Great subject, great acting, great sound.Too short however, and too short presence of my beloved Zara.Awaiting more...The DVD also contains beautiful interviews with Ian Hart, Stephen Lord and Elaine Cassidy (a delight for the fans of her.)[...]
Besides his Robot stories and novels, Foundation stands as oneof the greatest science fiction novel written by the late IsaacAsimov.By mixing properly the future, humanity and the sociopoliticaldevelopment of our race on a galactic span using the decline ofthe Roman Empire as a base, Asimov tells us a story of one man'sstruggle and the product of its stubborness in following stories.This book is a must for anyone, genre fan or not, I guaranteeyou will read it more than once in your lifetime.
Sent these to my daughter in law in Calif I live in Indiana very convient. She let me know what size and color also sent her a picture and a birthday message Very nice. very happy very very satisified
#NAME?
This is a qood quality vest, and it will work for a festival. I would say that it's more costume quality than I expected, and the gold grommets are pretty noticable. The vest doesn't look as much like suede in person. But my husband really likes it, and he will be wearing it.
This book covers all emotions experienced by human beings successfully: rage, sadness, happiness...There are already many good reviews for this book out there, so I won't write paragraphs. I just wanted to say that this book is not for very young readers: it's maybe just a tad too realistic. After all, one does want to believe in Santa Claus for awhile. This is a book worth reading. It opened a new and deeply moving world to me which I'm not sure I want to explore further, but I probably will because Betty Smith has caught me in her web. I am searching for A Joy in the Morning, and will probably enjoy it just as much.
This book was very encouraging and an easy read. A must read for those who want to be encouraged in their prayer life.
I used this book to make 3 T-shirt quilts in memory of a friend's 21 year old son and her 2 daughters. They turned out beautifully and looked so much more sophisticated and dignified that the simple sashing method. While the book may be thin it's big on creative ideas. I'm so thankful I found this book for these special quilts! I'm sure I'll be using it over and over again.
"My wife asked for this for her birthday. She absolutely loves it. So much so that we recently purchased 7 more as gifts for her friends in different crafting groups. She insists that 4000 Flower and Plant Motifs has inspired her with tons of quilting/craft ideas. This book is a great gift.Sam Hendricks, author of ""Fantasy Football Guidebook: Your Comrehensive Guide to Playing Fantasy Football"" and ""Fantasy Football Almanac"""
This has been a favorite film since my first viewing when it was initially released. The tension of the times and the quality of acting combine to reflect Hellman's personal experience. I wanted to add it to my very select library of film, now available on DVD.
I've used pampers with both my boys and they're wonderful, no leaks, last thru the night and they love the disigns.
This is a wonderful story, it left me thinking instead of my usual forgetting about it 5 minutes later. The characters are intriging, and the story is interesting, making me not want to put it down. I (being only in high school) would definitly suggest that you read it.
I am currently still reading this book. I'm having a great time reading it and I love how every scene is so perfectly described and full of details.It's one of those books that you have to stop reading now and then, so that you can let your imagination fly and Imagine how would you survive in such conditions and time period.Simply fantastic.
My 6 yr old grandson loves movies on my kindle fire--and hockey fans of all ages in our family love the mighty ducks. this movie is becoming a classic, plus ordering movies on kindle fire is fast and easy. we saw this movie in a theater years ago, and it is just as fresh and fast paced and as much fun on the small screen as it was in a movie theater. He and I watched this together, and laughed a lot.
I usually don't like foreign films but this one is great! This is a fast paced, high energy film. Interesting plot and 3 surprise endings. (Side note:It's nice to see Germany from a everyday person's perspective and not a travel brochure.)
Good quality overall. The braket for the stem didn't fit my application, so I improvised, and mounted it behind the seat over the rear fender and low. Holds stuff.
This is the best show, historically, that I have seen in the last couple of years. This is in regards to TV shows. I love the chemistry between Dennis Quad & Jason O'Mara (as native Nevada / Las Vegas) and Michael Chiklis (as the Mobster). This is one of my favorite shows.
I was pretty surprised at how girthy it was when I opened the package. It is made with quality materials. There was the usual strong odor that tends to come along with new toys. But once soaped up nicely it seems much better. I feel lube is nessecary as a companion with this toy. Which can be a downfall at times. But the fact that it operates very smooth And quiet makes up for this. Overall I am very pleased with this purchase and this brand. I love the fact that the batteries are kept in a tray that makes it super easy to keep them together and ready to go in between uses. Great price, good investment, great pleasure :)
Stephen Bradley: I first read this book and now Im 15 and I still haven't read another book. Every time I read it again I find another piece of clever symbolism. I would recommend this book to anyone! I am incredibly awed by the clever uses of English and symbolic meanings. For example I have been told that Gin was thought to be the downfall of the British Working Class. It would be a shallow understanding of the book to claim it as an anti-socalist book as Orwell (Eric Blair) obviously cared about the working class and was only against pretentous totalatarian states. I invite any like minded people to discuss the book with me. I apolagise for carless grammar and spelling (Im only 15 :) )
The knots on these cards (which are very durable) are useful and you and your friends/family can challenge on who can tie them the fastest.
I purchased this CD for a college assignment on the war generation. I picked a perfect book. Tom Brokaw truly captures an entire generation with detailed accounts of their heroic challenges they faced. I believe that the only downfall to this book is Tom Brokaw's voice. As nice as it sound on TV doing the news, it seems to be a bit monotone. It started to drive me nuts several times while listening. I guess that's why I chose to purchase the book on CD so I could just stop it at any time and then pick it back up an hour or two later. Overall, it is well worth the money.
"This movie is awesome. It is the perfect movie for the holiday season. I am absolutely crazy about Whitey, the old man referee in the movie. Elenore and Davey are also hilarious! I love this movie and watch it over and over again with my whole family. Something you should buy because it is great!""Smell you later poopsicles!"" (A funny line from the best movie in the WORLD!!!)"
This novel intricately portrayed what Guy was experiencing, if you read this book in one sitting and allow yourself to absorb what is happening, you can feel the choas and indecision that ravages Montag's pyche. This was a refreshing aspect after reading so many award winning books that seem to try too hard to force emotional impact upon the reader.
"I've always liked brian mcknights music, ever since I heard anytime i was hooked. The man writes and composes his own music, i respect that. Not the typical brian mcknight which is probably why some knight fans have turned away. This is probably knight's most personal album, heance the title ""gemini."" Every song I feel like I'm sitten in a club just zonin out and feelin this R&B vibe. Kind of the feeling you get with Marvin Gaye or Luther Vandross, beautiful music. Usher and these wanna-be R&B legends better stand aside, Mr. Mcknight has entered the building."
I think a couple of people are missing the point... The reason this is out is (I heard) they didn't have the cash to finish AV Vol 2, so this would generate some cash AND be of interest to their core fans. Plus, the demos ~are~ a good insight to their creative process.... I ~love~ to see the rough drafts... If you're just waiting for Vol 2, why did you buy this in the first place?
"In the book Of Mice and Men by Jonh Steinbeck is about two men that looking for jobs from ranch to ranch.This story takes place in Soledad California,during the Great depresion.The story has two characters: the most important characters are George & Lennie. George is ""small, quick, dark of face and strong hands"" & the other guy is Lennie ""A huge man he has a mind of a child & he likes to touch soft things."" Everything that he knows is because George has thought him. They have dreams, that want to accomplish. Do you think yhat George wants to live & accomplish the dreams with Lennie?I rate this book 4 stars & I really recommend this book to teens because there's only one in a million that knows what friendship is really about. I learned from this book is how to be a better friend."
Never has a book made me think so much and yet be absolutely terrified for the future. Ending is very bleak and gives one the impression that all hope is lost, but I still highly recommend it.
This DVD is one of my all time favorite musical DVDs. Miss Jackson proves why she is the highest paid singer in the industry. With a combination of costume changes, great choreography, Janet's greatest hits, and a sold out crowd at Madison Square Garden, the DVD makes for an excellent night of entertainment. I only regret that I was not able to see the concert in person here in my home town due to a cancelation of the concert;however, the DVD is definately a suitable substitute. I highly recommend this DVD to any fans of Janet, lovers of music, and owners of quality DVDs.
Recently I ordered 'Stopped at Stalingrad' from amazon.com. It was well worth the puchase, as the book is both a profoundly researched study and an interesting read. It's a scholarly work which, undoubtedly, will become a classic in its field.Dnes Bernd, Aviation Historian and Author
very realistic and fantastic movie, a must for all mars enthusiests like me. Great graphics and The planet just aches out for me to be on and explore
I have been using More Milk Plus for three months now and started using it when my son was a couple of weeks old. My first son fussed while nursing causing me to be frustrated with it and pumping upon returning to work was stressful. I nursed him until he was a year and couldn't wait to be done with it. My three month old doesn't have a problem at all nursing, every three hours my breasts are full and ready to nurse, I pump every morning to store additional milk (I'm now up to 200 oz. in the freezer) and I take More Milk Plus three times a day. I will not stop taking the supplement for fear of my supply decreasing. Anyone out there looking for something to help, this is your answer. The taste is pretty bad but mixed with 1-2 oz of OJ make it bearable. An 8 oz supply lasts me about a month and a half.
"The Call of the Canyon is another of Zane Grey's ""war novels"" which is to say, it deals with the subject of the mistreatment of returning veterans from the first world war. But it is also the coming of age of a modern ""sophisticated"" woman who learns the real meaning of love, and what it means to love someone. The story has several scenes which take place in New York City as well as at Oak Creek Canyon in Arizona. For pure romance, this book can not be beat. Carly Birch is one of Zane Grey's finest female characters, and again I will say he often wrote from the woman's point of view which is why the vast majority of his work was published in the leading ""women's"" magazines of the day, and his readership was more than half women. So, ladies, please don't dismiss Zane Grey as a ""western"" writer; he was so much more than that."
This book is worth it for the early discussion on the Catholic faith and then Dr. Schreck's discussion of Justification by faith and works. If you are like me, you might have a Protestant view of salvation. For me I could never quite reconcile this view with the book of James. If you are not quite sure of the Chhurch's position on faith, grace, works, salvation, etc., this book places it all in perspective and clearly explained. Th eother parts of the book were interesting, but not like the first third of the book.
Reminded me a bit of 'Sterile Cuckoo'. College romance - beset with the fumblings of young adults. An enjoyable story with an almost predictable letdown. The letdown was expected, so it wasn't a bummer.The other stories varied from pretty good to okay.The last story was strange, but it was not a show stopper. Roth is a good writer.
got this one for my girlfriend, she really likes it a lot so im happy, sometimes sounds a lot like king diamond haha but what can i say it sounds good!
This is the first album I have truly enjoyed for many, many years. I loved every track. They gave me chills and tears! He is destined for greatness. Expect this album to top the charts for months and set all kinds of records!!
The book, of course, is a classic. The illustrations by Inga Moore are delightful. I'm planning on reading it to our grandsons, but they won't enjoy it as much as I do. Like Winnie the Pooh, there's more in it for adults than for small children.
This is an excellent reference book, listing all types of bulbs, from the common garden variety to the more obscure varieties. Listings also include all the hybrids and new cultivars. The book is well set out with many colour photos of the different species. A must for any home library and avid gardeners anywhere.
"This nutritional yeast is the same stuff that you can find in the bulk bins at many health food stores. The upside is that it hasn't been pawed through by a zillion shoppers before you and the canister that it comes in is so much sturdier and easier to store in your pantry than the flimsy plastic bags found in most bulk food aisles.The reason that I gave it four stars instead of five is that it is the ""small flake"" nutritional yeast instead of the ""large flake"" that I prefer. Plus, although it has a good ""cheesy"" flavor and is great for using when making vegan dishes or as a topping for popcorn, it does have a very slightly bitter flavor to it that in my experience, some other brands of nutritional yeast don't seem to have."
THIS REFERENCE BOOK IS ONE OF THE BEST I HAVE EVER USED IN MY DAILY WORK AS A MEDICAL TRANSCRIPTIONIST. I FIND IT VERY USEFUL EACH DAY.
Realistic 1960's horror film filled with great performances by an ensemble cast. I felt this was one of Roman Polanski's best directed films. Well written script leaves the viewer wondering until the final few minutes whether or not the central character is truly a victim or simply paranoid. Dialogue closely follows Ira Levin's novel. Unfortunately, younger viewers used to special effects or gore may be put off or bored by the lack of both. Horror and tension is created instead with dialogue and the viewer's imagination.
"While I personally discount the rumor that this record was recorded not by ""Craig Smith"" but one George W. Bush during his acid/coke pagan stage these two discs give one plenty of room to project. A delightful mix of Buffalo Springfield like folk pop and a darker more morose Bread, not to mention the weird cut ups and studio nankering between songs. For those of you who wish you were old enough not to remember the sixties this is a good way to start."
When I was little I really loved this movie I used to have the roger rabbit doll where you pull the string in the back and the doll talked. I still have the movie on VHS and watch it occasionally every now and then I just don't have the doll anymore but excellent movie very good. 2 thumbs up. If you like Roger Rabbit then get this movie in dvd better quality of the picture I think but if your old school then go for VHS.
"fantastic rice and oatmeal. the only problem i've encountered is that there is no ""steamer tray"" - i mention because ""the ultimate rice cooker cookbook"" has recipes that use a steamer tray - whatever. i wasn't planning on that to begin with but might be helpful if available in a fancier zojirushi. the other consideration is capacity. it's ok for me because there are just two of us, but this size could be wrong for you if you have kids and want leftovers. (i get sick of the same meal after two days and that's usually all i get in terms of leftovers - perfect!) this machine is worth it's weight in gold for oatmeal alone. incredibly easy to use and to clean. i'm reviewing because other reviewers helped me make my decision and now it's my turn."
"Although this album breaks no new ground, it does bring back some great memories. Memories of the early Ramones, when Dee Dee wrote his best songs. Hop Around is much better that his last album, with several excellent songs, many good ones, and only a couple of throw-aways. Dee Dee borrows many of his own riffs and song titles, but I guess it's OK to steal from yourself. ""I Don't Wanna Die in The Basement,"" ""Now I Wanna Be Sedated,"" and ""38th & 8th"" may not be the most original songs, but they are great nonetheless. Also, the production is very good. Any Ramones fan should definitely buy this album. Others are advised to buy it and see how the ""old school"" rocks."
An inspiring depiction of a woman. I received this from my mother in Junior High School, I only read this recently. I wish I had read it sooner. I have sent this series to all my friends. I can't wait for the next book!
"Long ago in californialand, i heard the last everly brothers ""hit"", on the wings of a nightingale, 1 time and i knew I HAD to have it. Took me about 20 years to find it, in this album. If you really like good music, with tight harmonies, good guitar work, words you can understand, a little bit of country and early rock to the still bitchin, fresh,updated sound of nightingale, then STOP RIGHT HERE and get this album. Enough said!"
Bought this item for my son and he loves it!!! I ordered it for Christmas and was a little worried it wouldn't make it to my house in time, but to my surprise it arrived very quickly!!
Diane Lane is perfect. Plays the full range of female - bold, timid, snotty, exuberant and everything in between. Watch it!
Very pleased with this product that I bought as a replacement for a worn out Apple power cable. Apple has changed their plug system with the newest machines, but for anyone out there with a Pre-Intel Mac this is a great option at half the price of Apple's own product. Only gripe is that there is no power indicator light on the plug end, which is a feature on Apple's stock power cord.
This is perhaps the most thought provoking book I have ever read. Unfortunately, I missed this book in my earlier days of public education, but I have found a real treasure now. This book is very topical in the policitically-correct world in which we live. I find it hard to believe that so many of the fears that are expressed in Beatty's speech to Montag regarding why books or ideas were burned have come to fruition. In fact, the most stirring part of this edition is the coda where Bradbury's ideas about censorship are expressed in first-person. A must read for any would-be scholar.
This plane is build with EPP foam, which absorbs shock from unexpected encounters:1) I planted the plane nose-first into the grass following a hand launch; the spinner broke off but the plane was otherwise good to go.2) I flew into some tree branches at full speed; the canopy popped off, the plane got jostled around, then exited the tree and kept on flying! Other than a small dent in the wing, there was no damage.
"Noel Gallagher has called ""Definitely Maybe"" the best debut album of ALL TIME. Pretty bold for him to say, obviously, but he's not that far off.This album is a classic in every sense of the word. Every song is great, from ""Rock 'n Roll Star"", one of best openers I've ever heard, to the incredibly beautiful ""Slide Away"".Definitely (there's that word again!) buy this album. I'd give it 10 stars if they'd let me."
"This rice cooker is so easy to use: decide how many cups of rice to make, throw it in, put in water up to the line that matches the number of cups of rice, close the lid and plug it in, and you're done. Total cooking time for one cup of white rice, which is about right for two people, is about 15-20 minutes. We've noticed that leaving the rice in the cooker for an extra 10 minutes after it switches to ""warm"" produces perfect rice almost every time.Buy this cooker and stop trying to cook rice in a pot. Perfect rice with no effort is no longer just a dream."
this book is a good read and jumps around a lot, but i enjoyed learning and reading it. thank you.
Had this game as a child and it kept me busy for hours, even though it only has a couple games it kept me entertained because the games were fun and easy.
Kindergartener Jo-Jo and Fourth-Grader Nora are shocked the last week of summer when their parents tell them that Grandma and Grandpa are getting a divorce. They're worried about not seeing either of them again, and other changes that could happen. When the girls visit Grandma's on Sunday, Grandpa isn't there. But they talk to Grandpa on the phone and find out that he'll still be around on holidays, they'll visit him in his new apartment, and he's getting a pet. Read how the author, Eve Bunting, deals with a possibly upsetting family problem. This could be helpful to any children who have to deal with divorce. The colorful illustrations sensitively portray the seriousness of the situation and the whole families' struggle to come to grips with it.
Enjoyed this book very much. Realy got to know the people in this book am looking forward to reading the second book
For the mpost part any book by David Donald is worth the time and effort to read. This book offers fresh insights into the perception of Lincoln. Belongs on the shelf of every person interested in 19th century America.
This style and the size my husband needs has not been available in our local stores. I was able to find what I needed quickly online and the shipping was very prompt. I would have given it five stars but he hasn't had time to try them on yet so I can't give a perfect score.
I like the item but was misled there is no license plate holder. It is just a the adapter and you have to add a license plate holder. Otherwise you can just bolt on the license plate from the bottom. WORKS!
"After shopping around and looking at recommended ""Thule"" and ""Yakima"" bike racks, I""m very happy to have purchased this ""Saris"" Bones 3 bike rack for so much less.Traveled over 50 miles at highway speed with no problems. Amazon offered the best price...local retail stores wanted 60 bucks more!"
Before I decided to get this player, I did my research. I looked up the ipod, the dell jukebox, and the samsung napster player. I chose this one because from what I read, it was the best deal for the money. Another reason I got it is because you can put WMA files on it. That takes up half the space of MP3's. That's important because I have a lot of music. The software is great. you can sort your music by artist, title, album, or genre, and you can play music based on those categories. transfering is easy, the software makes everythig pretty easy. even the battery life is great- it advertises 14 hours, it's actually a little less but still good. only 1 problem, no accessories...yet. I hope it's because it's new and they are not out yet, but being without a remote is hard. They player's interface itself is also very easy to use. can't complain and I recommend it over all the other players, just hope that remote will come out soon. GET IT, IT'S WOTH EVERY PENNY!!
Bought this for my nephew for his birthday and he loves it. Lots of different things for him to do.
I've seen nothing like it. The supreme and rich acting of Binoche and the abstract cinematography and direction manage to distance the viewers in such a way from the everyday noise of a thousand feelings, enabling the viewers to taste and sense all the emotion and ideas of the characters and the era with a vividness only accesible in dreams.
For $6.00, this shirt is great. Yes, it is thin, but it looks absolutely fine. I have the ecru and wear an undershirt.
This is one of my all time favorite movies. One question. A previous reviewer said don't buy the DVD because it was missing scenes. Was he refering to the Criterion Collection version?
We gave our 5, 3, and 1 year old this for Xmas and they loved it at first, but here it is January 7th and they don't play with it much anymore. We did buy an extra set of 100 balls to go with it as well. One of the seams was ripped when we received it, but hopefully that shouldn't be a problem. Our 1 year old still likes it alot though and loves crawling through the tunnel
This book was on the summer reading list for 9th graders. It was really hard to find in the bookstore, for it was bought as soon as it was brought in...and my teacher let me borrow hers. Anyway, I read it then, couldn't get past the first page. Then, MONTHS later, I read it.....and fell in love with it. It's a wonderful book, full of emotions. It isn't afraid to show the view of real life, with all its hardships and happiness. I love this book so much, I didn't even return it to my teacher! I have to pay her back soon :) I read this at least 10 times! :D
I enjoyed the characters in the book and also the story really kept my interest. The one thing I did not like about the book was the counties that were mentioned are not counties of West Virginia. I am from WV. Charleston and Huntington were mentioned though which is accurage.
"Shah Rukh Khan is my favorite actor. I enjoy seeing Rani Mukerji paired with him. This film was well done. It showed some of the difficulties couples might face after marriage. One thing that stood out to me, which bothered me, was that the ""in-laws"" of Rani's character seemed prejudiced against Shah Rukh Khan's character. I believe that once a family member has married someone, the rest of the family should be respectful and supportive of that choice and welcome and love the new spouse. Most romantic films focus on the relationship up until marriage, with the idea that the couple will live ""Happily Ever After"". However, the reality is that relationships need to be cared for after marriage. And this film gives a glimpse into the reality of marriage."
The book, although hard to get excited about in the begining, offers insight into confrontations that you experience any given day during your life. It's thorough and offers helpful ideas.
The picks tiny hairs tend to bend very easily so that you need more than two to cover the entire mouth. other than that its quite good.
I have a high strung 12 year old black lab mutt. Ever since he was a puppy he has had issues with anxiety. He would destroy things, mess in the house, and generally go bananas when we left. I tried training, vests, crates, etc. all to no avail.A week after I started using the DAP I noticed a reduction in anxiety, hyperactivity, and distructive behavior. My dog can relax quicker and easier when we come home. He also doesn't get as amped up during thunderstorms.I was I had found this years ago.
I needed a wireless card for my desktop PC as it was moving to another room and I don't currently have the time to run a coaxial connection in there for the cable modem.I picked this card based on the rating and reviews here. I am happy to say that they were very accurate and this is a really good card, especially given that the price is so low compared to other, brand name cards.Installation was very simple and the signal strength and speed are perfect. I was in a hurry so I just used the Windows wireless client instead of the dedicated, included software but perhaps if I get time later, I will try running that.All in all, you simply can't go wrong with this card - right price and very good performance.
This book helped me under the Holy Spirt in my life. It gave me a better understanding of what he is and how he works in my life.
Be sure that you check on Under Armour's website to find sizing. I'm about a size 30 waist and thought I needed a small, turns out that I actually needed a medium size. They feel so cool and they're so flexible. Sometimes I just want to wear them as regular underwear! Great quality product, way to go Under Armour :)
i've bought this ring from Sabrina Silver twice now, and BOTH times I have been MORE than satisfied with both the speed of receipt as well as the high quality of her products. I highly recommend the product and the seller!
This book reminds us of the great truth, that hard work will always in the end be rewarded. Booker T. Washington exemplified the American spirit.
this was the best deal online by far.very nice jacket couldnt ask for a better item at the price.Thank you
I ordered this movie from Amazon in good condition. If I need any movies I will order from Amazon again.
Did I mention GREAT? Clay does such a wonderful job on this album!! I love it!!! All of the songs are so well sung, and the music is GREAT!!! I am so happy, I will be buying more for Christmas Presents for my friend and my kids teachers!! My 8 year old daughter loves Clay and she wants her own cd and poster!!!! Thank you so much Clay!!!!
I'm 54 years old and I am reading this for the first time ever...on my Kindle. How very fitting, and ironic that Mr. Bradbury, who is openly against e-books, the internet and such, would agree to release Fahrenheit 451, a cautionary that centers around why real books are important, and what could happen at their demise, as an e-book.Just a thought...
This book is jam packed with gorgeous pictures and ideas. I never realized how many different expressions of Cottage Style there is. It helped me to fine tune the specific cottage style that was right for me. I personally was turned off by anything cutesy but found that cottage style needn't be cutesy at all...if you don't like that look. Nor does it have to look old and antiquey. Most books on decorating I read from the library. This one I had to own. It is a reference that I will use over and over as I 'tweak' my decor year after year.
I just received the three books and they are great. As you progress reading and listening to what you play, you can recognize their notes (BJ, EJ, Beatles) as actually performed. Great to see how those songs come out from your hands and piano!!!But..Song for Guy is missing!!! May be in a next edition. They are worth your money.
I love CS Lewis and the Narnia series. This movie was better than the first, I downgraded it one star because they deviated from the books, I understand why they did it, but it will make it harer in future movies to stay true to the story line.
cant wait to put some pictures on them saw on pinterest to mod podge a pic on it to make it look like its canvas and good price!!
Great disc the makes up for how slow paced season two part 1 went but it felt at times this disc was a lil too fast paced esp. on how some of the fist were getting beat up but still very entertaining wanted to see a lil more form to the fighters kind of how season one wanted to portray the martial arts mostly all out brawler at times not bad i guess still very entertaining worth 30 dollars yea probably you kinda get ur money's worth in entertainment i guess it to manga reading if you wanna get deeper into the story would've prob gave the masters a lil more background story but the 50 episodes what can you do :) :)
I was a huge fan of Mr Aiken's during American Idol but the over produced single had me doubting whether or not I would enjoy the full length CD. I am pleasantly surprised because Clay sounds like...Clay. But he also sounds like a genuine pop star and puts his magnificant voice to good work here. The Way is sensual and beautiful. Perfect Day is uplifting, and Measure of a Man sums up Clay to a tee. A great freshman effort here and I cant wait for the next.
I used this text for an online class and it was just an exceptional experience. I also had the option of visiting the classroom, which was completely out of the picture once I started turning the pages. The chapters were clear and passages easy to follow. The grammar/mechanics handbook section was really great. I have decided to keep this book as a wonderful reference tool. I find myself using it daily to double check certain things for clarification before mailing. I highly recommend this book for anyone seeking a refresher course or an improvement tool for business English. This is money well spent and is worth every cent!Other books to read for relaxation: Trilogy Moments for the Mind, Body and Soul; Everyday Miracles; and, The Language of Poetry Forms.
"This book is very detailed, technical and complex. If you're seriously considering exploring the photogravure technique on copper, this book is a must. It tells you everything you will ever need and all the complicated steps in the process. However, there are few historical or contemporary photogravure reproductions which is why this book gets only a four star rating from this reviewer. If you are seriously considering the photogravure process as one you would like to explore, I recommend starting with solar plates rather than copper. It is much less complicated and toxic. A very good resource is ""Printmaking in the Sun"" (2001) by Dan Welden, inventor of this method."
Harlem River Drive holds a very deep place inside my heart and I'm glad to see its still alive and well and others out there appreciate this very special music.
"Too many books that purport to teach you Yiddish treat it as either a joke or a relic. Prof. Weinreich's ""College Yiddish"" treats Yiddish as a living, expressive and literary language, not as a compendium of phrases to say to your bubbe when she visits, or as a collection of cursewords. The book consists of 30 graded lessons, each based on a text which covers some aspect of Jewish life, culture and history, and especially of the Jewish communities of central and eastern Europe for whom Yiddish was a bond. At the end of the book is an excellent precis of Yiddish grammar. But this book isn't ""dry as dust,"" either: Prof. Weinreich takes Jewish humor as seriously as he does Jewish culture and literature! Very highly recommended."
I mostly use cloth diapers during the day, but for overnight and going out, I go with disposables. We're on our 3rd baby now, and over the years Pampers has been the ONLY disposable diaper that we can rely on! Have tried cheaper brands sometimes - they're cheaper for a reason! Pampers has consistently given us a diaper that we can count on not leaking. Store brands, Luvs, Huggies have all failed us multiple times, just leak really bad or tear easily. I am rarely brand-loyal, but Pampers is now the only brand of disposable I'll buy. Pampers is a good quality disposable for the times that you need it (I still recommend using mostly cloth and more natural products though!)
My husband is using the 3.5mm Stereo Headphone Extension to watch TV, with my seven year old Sony Bravia, while I listen to my audiobooks on my iPod. We have a very quiet home. He is happy with the sound.
It's a book that basically tells of censorship. It is well written and makes you think about censorship today.
I got the movie on time and everything brand new the problem is I thought it would work in my samsung surround sound HD theater but it didn't. I can't really tell you anything other than I wish I can see how good it looks LOL. You will get your DVD on time though
"Moonstruck is an enchanted love story. From la luna to tiamo it makes me smile and laugh. From a gorgeous Cher to a hot ""new guy"" a very young Nicolas Cage. I saw this movie in the theater and revisit it when I want to be transported by a romantic charming classic. I loved the instant access and format provided by Amazon. Get comfortable and enjoy!"
"What's better than ""A Love Supreme""? I don't even have to elborate because ""A Love Supreme"" like ""Kind Of Blue"" is justPERFECT.Pure artisty and musicianship.This is music that calms you and heightens your creative wonderment.There's nothing better.There's nothing that I can say about Coltrane that already hasn't been said.A essential album.No musical collectioncan EVEN be called a musical collection without it."
Watching Carlos Santana and his band on this DVD brings to me a special enjoyment. What an incredible harmony between him and his highly talented keyboardist Chester Thompson. This Thompson guy is absolutely genious, and the two together consist the heart and soul of the band. Just listen to the organ improvising theme of OYE COMO VA, EVIL WAYS and SOUL SACRIFICE, and you'll understand what I mean. No underestimation of other band members.. All of them are great. I rated the band 5 stars, and Arista company which produced the DVD 3 stars making a mean of 4 stars for the item. I can't believe how to produce a music DVD on the end of 2005 without a 5.1 channel sound format.I think that great Santana deserves to be listened at his utmost,and the DVD shouldn't be produced with only stereo sound. This DVD is a must for any Santana fan, good for both price and music content.
This book changed my life. Betty Smith has become my favorite author and inspired me to read regularly again. The characters will help young women to learn to accept themselves and understand their feelings. I highly recommend this book along with all of her other books, especially Joy in the Morning.
You read a lot of books, when you have a relative with lung cancer. This book gives you an overview of the most common options you have, without the depressing statistics about lung cancer. If you fight for your health, statistics aren't that important after all.However, there are a lot of pages about coping with cancer 'socially', which may be important to some people, but that is information I was not really looking for. And the health system in de USA is a different from the system in Europe (dealing with doctors, insurance, that kind of things).But it is by far the best introduction book about lung cancer I have been reading so far. I keep using it over and over again. So: recommended, also if you live in Europe.
"This album is sweet. I originally bought it just to listen to ""Tubthumper"" but by now that has become my least favorite song. One of the postive aspects of the CD is the constantly changing tempo of each song. The many different styles and tempos in each song and the fact that the songs have some meaning make it all the more worthwhile. Buy this CD. You will find yourself headbanging to every song on this album in no time."
"""Lola rennt"" is definately one of my favourite films ever made. I especially love it because it is none of the typical German Hollywood imitations which have flood the video market for years. Indeed I have never watched a similar film. It spreads hope and makes us realise that we ourselves are responsible for our own destiny and that we always should think before we act."
let me start by saying i am a massive fan so my thoughts are one sided okbut if you can lay your hands on this cd do it stand out tracks wellthey all stand out but instant funk crying bunny sigler by the way you dance & of course inner life aint no mountain high enough & sparkle handsome manif you are serious about quality dance music it doesnt get much better than this collectionits not easy or cheap to find but get it & play it for someone not aware of this music i assure you they will find something in this to move them its worked for me
This is possibly my favorite post 2000 band. I mean it is the best metal gets. Its political, hard and down right cool. John Dolmayan one of the coolest drummers makes me proud to be a drummer. Some of the songs were just funny little songs and some of them were angry rock and some of them were just memorable. but i still wish there was osme way to put it all together
i live in mt.shasta, california where i go snowboarding all the time. with headphones on the music of the high llamas is inspirational. to slide down the hill while listening to the llamas is like nothing else in the world. if you think driving in your car while listening is fun, try strapping on a board, hitting the powder and listening to the best high llamas cd yet, snowbug
"Many thanks to Collector's Choice for reissuing this magnificent album on CD, previously only available on disc in the fine but expensive and rare Japanese pressing.""Smoke From A Distant Fire"" is one of a few dozen tunes that instantly, for those of us in our late 30s/early 40s, takes you back to the great days of AM gold. And, the good part, it's not the only catchy, likeable tune on the record.In a time when almost anything seems to qualify as ""a classic"", this duo and these tunes really are."
Steinbeck's book Of Mice and Men is one of the most incredible works of American literature. It's a story about how two men try to achieve some semblance of success in Depression-era California. However, all of their hopes and dreams are shattered by the people around them. This is a must-read.
It is a gift for my granddaughter so I know it will be funny and she will be happy. She loves Adam Sandler
This is a first, truly a first....The FIRST time I purchased an album that had NO throwaway songs. Every single cut is fantastic. Some are edgy, some are inspiring, some are lyrical, fun and upbeat... But all are just beautifully pleasing to the ear (and the heart). Clay Aiken... you sure deliver!
"""Dumb Witness"" is a slower moving, more relaxing type of mystery--no intense drama or tension but just a well-written tragedy."
"Behind the Eyes is slightly different from Amy's two previous releases; BTE is more mature and it gets better and better the more one listens to it. ""Turn This World Around"" is my favorite on the CD, but the rest of the material is also great."
"All I can say is Caine is the bomb and he makes alot of his ""I need beans"" expressions in this film!"
great addition to my music collection, classic songs i can listen to over and over again, great value for what i paid for.
It is simple enough that I don't feel like I'm scrapbooking (because who has time with a toddler and a newborn) but has a lot of fill in the blanks and page suggestions that keep me on track. I say suggestions because you could easily cover the prompts with more pictures and write other information on some of the pages. I have one for my daughter and my son. The color is NOT pinkish as it seems in the picture, it is a light orange gingham.
I don't know. I haven't read it. I just like all the trivial facts that I get in my daily email from trivia mailer
"""Fahrenheit 451"" a metaphor on the freedom of speech. It is not in literary terms that knowledge can be controlled by burning books; there are other ways to accomplish that. As the world is full of people; running with lit matches. Ray Bradbury is basing his attack on every editor; censor; lobbyist; government that see themselves as the caretaker of knowledge and literature; and they control by shackle the words of an author who dare to speak out.The question is very relevant to present times. The news is splattered with stories of doctored intelligence documents; on the bases of which dreaded events occurred."
These boots are very well made. my husband wears them for work and he loves them. They hold up well even with every day wear, got a year+ out of the last pair. he also says they are very comfortable.
Kari Anderson REACH! DVDMy wife loves it! Seeing the results, i love it too! Good for the over 40 group.
Surely, Hostel pushes gore into new level. But to be honest I think Turistas is slightly more realistic than Hostel. A group of 20s something were picked up one by one and slaughtered for their internal organs while vacationing in Brazil (wonder whether this movie is banned in Brazil for bad publicity of its tourism).Lead charactered is a brother and a sister (a rarity as flicks like this usually they are lovers - also check out Jeepers Creepers 1 as the main heroes are also brother and sister)Overall, the movie is well-paced, well-balanced between action, gore, humour and yes, SEX. The dvd itself is slighty disappointing. The 5.1 sound is OK but the picture transfer is too dark so it is hard to see what's going on the screen in the night scenes. There is also a good commentary by director John Stockwell.If you like Hostel, this one is no brainer but even if you don't like Hostel, you may still like this one as this is better than HOSTEL.
"Originally titled ""Manon des sources"", this movie is the conclusion to the store ""Jean de Florette"". It is done in French dialogue & English subtitles.The camera captures the beauty of the French countryside in all its splendour in this movie.Jeans' daughter Manon, has grown up and taken over the family farm, following the tragedy which occurs in the first installment.She seeks to extract revenge on those who have harmed her family.There are some amazing revelations in the movie, which will leave you shocked.A truly wonderful movie, well acted, directed and filmed.It is important to watch the first installment (JdF), before viewing this movie."
I bought this toy for my daughter, I remember playing with this at a cousins house as a child. Although, I don't remember having a hard time seeing the numbers as a child. I found that it is best to used to product over a light.. if possible, or in a well lit area. I THINK THE PRODUCT COULD BE IMPROVED IF THERE WERE A MINI LIGHT BUILT IN THE BACK OF THE GAME.Durable and fun though.
While some authors may have ruined this book by hammering the central theme of the novel with hackneyed phrases and over the top situations, Bradbury succeeds in twisting a tale that manages to nudge the reader towards his point of view. Brilliantly crafted and downright cunning, Bradbury proves to be one of the greatest writers of his, or any generation.
this cd is great. if you are a zelda fan you need this cd. i got it when i was recently in japan. its great music just the same as the games music.
"The author is smart. If you name a book, ""Nappily Ever After"" you're gonna trick hair conscious women (which is practically every woman) into reading your novel. But is it really about hair?The basis is about hair but the message the author is trying to convey is about finding who you are and being comfortable with that. The author is a very good writer and storyteller. She took a very basic idea and made it into a very entertaining story with a lesson. A lot of people can't do that very well. It's just a simple lesson that most women can relate too. Nothing deep or philosophical (we have Octavia Butler for that) but a lesson about being comfortable with who you are.I give it 4 stars: It's a nice story.... good airplane read, poolside read, whatever. I just don't care for the characters that much. Kandi and Clint are really mean."
Witty and fun songs for everyone from as young as 2 to adult. Has a great message and highly recommended.
Of Mice and Men by John Steinback is an amazing book that combines the life of a worker and social pressure. It takes place on a ranch in the middle of nowhere. The two main characters, George and Lennie, are out to create a life for themselves. They are almost like brothers. This story has many twists and turns and makes you think about your best friend. The story creates a suprising ending. It is a great short story for someone looking for a short and good read. I recommend this to everyone. The only thing about this book making it un-acceptable would be the colorful language that John Steinback uses, but otherwise, the entire story is amazing and will never be forgotten.
Excellent product. I was having difficulty hearing and also getting a comfottable fit with the included ear hook that came with my Jabra JX-10 Series II Bluetooth headset. I removed the hook and attached one of the 6 gels that came in the pack to the headset and found that the volume increased 40% and I was able to achieve a comfortable fit. The headset is small enough and light enough that the gel holds the headset in the ear. I was about to give up on this headset (and all earhook type Bluetooth headsets) prior to getting the gels. If you are looking for a comfortable (and econimical) alternative for earhook type headsets, I strongly recommend that you give these a try. They are well worth the price.
I borrowed this book from a friend after he simply raved about it, and knowing that I will read practically anything (and am impressed by very little), he was curious to see what I would think of the book. Well I have to say I really loved it. It was written in a very unique style, not too 'modern commercial fiction' but not to 'literary fiction.' Mr. Malfi has a style like a mixture between Stephen King and Ernest Hemingway, and I would certainly recommend this book be read by anyone looking for a brilliant new voice.
"I stumbled on this album by hopping from list to list on Amazon. It caught my eye and I read the reviews on it and purchased it without even so much as hearing a track performed by Bonnie Prince Billy or any of his various other incarnations. Admittedly, the first song, ""A Minor Place"" is kind of a dud in my opinion. It generally annoys me but a few times as of late, it has seemed a better song. The rest of the album, however, is all beautiful, haunting tracks featuring Oldham's amazing song-writing and his simple voice that seems as old as time itself.Some of the particularly strong tracks on this album include Nomadic Revery, I See A Darkness, Today I Was An Evil One, and Black. And for the record, track 4 is called ""Another Day Full of Dread"", not Bread.Quite simply, this is an album with a beauty and haunting quality that cannot be described with words. It is also some of the best music to listen to while drinking with a close friend."
'`Living from Neutrality' by Justus Kramer Schippers is not an introduction to Advaita but, rather, is an excellent seminar in that philosophy. Neither sweet nor patronizing, Schippers is a plain-spoken adult who expects his reader to be an adult, as well. I enjoyed Schippers' insights and expect to read this book several more times in the forthcoming years.
A number of reviewer have reported what HP's support site reports - that the LaserJet 1020 does not work on Windows Vista. Just use the original driver CD that comes with the printer and run the installation on Vista. The installer automatically detects the printer and installs the driver. This printer works perfectly with these drivers on Windows Vista Home Premium edition.
This seems to work for us. When he was nursing at night we still needed 2 diapers to get through the night. At this point with 1-0 night nursings 1 diaper generally does the trick.
"This was the best investment we have made. My son as well as my husband and I love toys and love to play outside. We wanted something that our 2 yr old could play on and enjoy for hours. Well, this is IT! He enjoys swinging, and playing ""boat"". This has been a great joy and it's so durable. Amazing!!!!"
I have his first CD and loved it. Now I have this one! This is a great CD. I love History as well as Only Grace. Matthew West is so transparent with his life and he's so goofy. I love that in an artist. Most of all, I love how God can use someone to bring you closer to Him. That truly is what Christian music is all about!
It includes lots of up-to-date knots. You can find the knots you want in a easy way. Also, the knots are categorized by the uses of them by which you can find the common usage of those knots. Easy to use.
As other reviewers have righly asked, how was this not a big seller upon its release? So many good songs, sung so well. I never tire of listening to this one.
Ordered two and tested them out: one had a bad pump but the return was easy.These airbeds are super cheap and great. Everyone who has slept on them says they are extremely comfortable. They hold the air well. I recommend them very highly
love them, wwear them all the time, great for working out, if u have any doubts, dont hesitate, and buy
The autobiography of Benjamin Franklin is an interesting one. Telling about the life, accomplishments and thoughts of one of the most important people in American history. Good for Kindle too.
Loved this book--inspirational and creative! Makes me want to do more with my digital photos! I found the discussion on using image editing software to be particularly helpful and simple. Great ideas for projects in this book--things I never would have thought of on my own. Great resource for beginner digital scrapbookers!
For a long time i've been waiting for this dvd, it becames my way of life, i bought a CB750 and a F-100 V8. These kind of vehicles really amaze me.
My mother had read another Dorothy Canfield Fisher novel as a girl and loved it. When I found this, I bought it for us both. It's a very interesting story, but I find Ms. Fisher's style to be somewhat pedantic and tedious. Her syntax is of another age, and it makes reading the book rather time consuming. I like the characters and the plot, however, and am eager to see how things turn out for Sylvia and her family. I would recommend the book only to those who like old-fashioned stories and who know something of Ms. Fisher's educational philosophy. The casual reader may not have the patience to wade through it.
This is THE definitive book on Reformed Presbyterian theology. Hodge is strong not only in what he explains, but also how he explains it. Each section is divided into questions, as if someone was interviewing Hodge. He then answers each question in a very logical, ordered manner, giving the reader a very clear perception of each particular concept. Hodge leaves nothing uncovered, but rather touches on a very wide spectrum of Reformed theology, and every time his argument is succinct and backed with scripture. Everyone interested in theology, clergy or lay-person, should read this book to gain a deeper understanding of what the Reformed persuasion believes and why.
This book was hilarious. I read it yesterday, and I am still laughing my Asimov. Get it? Hahahaha. Huh. Okay. Nevermind.
I loved this book -- it's among Wolitzer's best. The writing is sharp, funny and epigrammatic, the characters rich, the plot full of twists and turns. I can't wait for the movie!
Dolly Parton, you've done it again! Continue to give us your best. Your adoring fan, Sergio.
This book is thoroughly enjoyable. Although it is only a short novel. You will fall in love with the characters and the story.
this rocks they are right now one of the best bands out. Mirror Spirit is one of the best songs to come out in a long time. The only band out that is better then these guys right now is silvertide, and possibly Rose Hill Drive. Sounds like classic 70's 60's rock and roll. The singer has a great voice, I believe his name is Eric Shea and there lead guitarist is a girl but she can really play. Expect to see these guys again because this completly rocks out. Rock and Roll is here to Stay.down below is a list of all the bands true rock fans should check out. New bands here to save the scene.The DarknessJetHurricane PartyParchman Farm (Only have an ep out but it rocks and you can find it here on amazon.)Rose Hill Drive ( have an ep out but not on amazon. They toured with Van Halen and completly rock and the guitarist is incredible.)SupagroupTokyo DragonsYoung Heart AttackBlack Keysand the best new band Silvertide
"This mystery novel has been exhaustively reviewed and there is nothing more to add. Still I want to chalk up my 5 stars. During the reading of this book I spent hours on Wikipedia and other internet sites reading everything I could find on Edward IV, Richard III, Henry VII, and as many other players in this story as I could find, a subject that has never before held any interest for me. Henceforth I will question every so-called ""fact"" of history. Highly recommended."
".Tom Bodett - the ""We'll leave the light on"" Motel 6 guy - wrote and performs this cautionary tale of respect for the whims of Nature for kids and their parents. Part ""slice of life"" in the Alaskan ""bush,"" part sociology - can ""bush"" and ""town"" kids find common ground and interests? and also a warning on why kids should listen to grown-ups (all these years and we really HAVE learned something ;-), this captivating adventure will while away the hours whilst travelling."
First of all, is this movie for kids? Maybe. Most scenes are. However it would be good if parents would see this movie beforehand, because some of the action scenes are intense.I loved this movie from start to end. I'm 23 years old, and I have read the Narnia books, and I thought this adaptation blew the book out of the water! EXCELLENT! The director really knew what he was doing on this movie. I loved the first movie, but this one is much much better.There is a lot of action scenes that are done very well, and are very breath taking whenever you see the different creatures in Narnia in battle.There is plenty of comedy, action, adventure, and also a love story. It has a little bit of everything. I don't think they are going to beat this movie with the other ones however. I think this is Narnia at its best.
"A book that I would recommend to anyone wondering what they aredreaming about. I had quite a few ""ahaa"" moments while reading this book. Well written and lots of example dreams to help youdecipher your own. Thank you to Sylvia."
Used while camping for a week and was delighted by the level of comfort and the ease of inflating with the built in pump! Air loss for me was in line with the many other airbeds I have owned, and with the built in pump, made it easy to top it off every other day or so. Highly recommend this great affordable air mattress!
This was recommended to a friend of mine by his doctor. I'm usually very skeptical of herbal treatments, but since the recommendation came from a regular medical doctor, I decided to give it a try. I am blown away by the results. I have been on this product for about 18 months, and my cholesterol has dropped from 252 to 192. I made no other significant changes in my diet. What's more, I am only taking two capsules a day instead of the recommended dosage of four per day. I've read that the big pharmaceuticals are campaigning to require this product to be sold only by prescription. I pray this never happens.
Our son will be getting this for X-mas. He loves crocodiles so we are looking forward to playing it with him.
I have read thousands of books, including all kinds of literature, but I am nearly sure that this is the best book I have ever read.
I already had the DVD version and wanted to see it in 3D. There are a few scenes where things pop out at you, but the overall depth of the video was less than what I was expecting. I'm still glad I purchased it in 3D and have watched it twice since owning it. I watched it on a LG Plasma with active 3D glasses.
We're gearing up toward a Disney World vacation late this August, and have relied on this book thoroughly. It isn't the most comprehensive book, but it offers lots of good advice. Good thing for any travelling family.
Purchased iwth Amazon Prime, it got delivered in two days without any damage. Shape and size are perfect for my sister who is getting this for Xmas and to use during her house parties.
Humble genius he was. I loved this autobiography and wish that he had covered more of his involvement in politics in and the American Revolution.
This is one of the best books I have had the pleasure of reading. It is a wonderful bildungsroman (coming of age story) about a girl growing up in the city. Her father is a loving drunk but her mother is a hard working woman who encourages her children to work at everything they do. I really enjoy this book and read it every couple of years. Definetly worth the time it takes to read it--- wonderful story.
WOW - after 15 years of service, my Zojirushi Rice Cooker finally called it quits. This is one of the best - and well used appliances I have EVER owned! I am excited to see what the new technology brings to the table...hope it is as good as the first one!!
3 different relaxation sessions with explanations embedded within, along with hypnotic programing to help release tension, fears and any pre-programmed negatives which might be preventing pregnancy. Also programming for women who have physical problems that might be inhibiting their fertility. All designed to help remove mental blocks from the subconscious to promote healing on the physical level and mental level. Overall the sessions are very relaxing and refreshing.
"If you like all that pre-grunge grunge dressed up in outlandish costumes and enough make-up to cause Angela Bowie blush, you'll David and the Spiders ripping their way through their hits and a couple of covers including Mott the Hoople's ""All the Young Dudes"" and Lou Reed's ""White Light, White Heat.""Grungy and gaudy before either were cool!"
"This book is so good that I've loaned it out to others on three seperate occassions (to students who raved about it)and haven't gotten any of the copies back. I provided copies to my children as they entered middle school so they could gain a clearer picture of what the numbers in the newspaper meant. It's a clear and humerous look at how we, as a society, tend to use logic in the most illogical ways. That ""numbers never lie"" is a myth laid to rest. While the examples are old (I did own the original at one point)the concepts they illustrate are still pertinent today. Written in an easily understood format, it also takes the ""fear of statistics"" out of the math-phobic. A great book to have upon the shelf as a ready reference."
If you are sitting at home and watching a television show you have seen 5 times before, pick up the 20Q for hours of fun instead. Whatever is on your mind this little computer guesser can figgure it out. From Lizzard to Poop it is all in here. Give in a try and you will be hooked!
great water housing. but where is the lens cap? i spent $200 on this housing at a store and i am so paranoid about scratching the lens its rediculous.
It does what I expected. I just got my first hammer drill, so I don't really know what to compare this drill bit to.
"Clear the Decks!""Salty, irreverent, highly amusing"" -- New York Times""One of the best adventure tales of the war."" -- Time Magazine""A book you don't want to put down once you start reading it."" -- Our Navy""Clear The Decks... has an authentic, briny tang to it. And the climax, the tale of Admiral Gallery's brilliant capture of a German U-Boat, is breath-taking.... Anyone who wants to know the real reason why our Navy wins wars ought to read this book."" -- Herman Wouk""As an action-packed account of a baby flattop's campaign against U-boats in World War II, this is a corker. The author writes with warmth, understanding, clarity and rough humor."" -- St. Louis Post Dispatch""A good deal more than a series of belly-laughs."" -- BOMC News""You do not need to be a lover of the sea to enjoy this splendid and humorous."" -- Columbus Dispatch""A RIP-SNORTING ACCOUNT!"" -- Los Angles Mirror"
This is a classic Mary Kate & Ashley movie. The sisters trade places in order to help their dad win the soccer tournament and to help themselves since one sister likes playing soccer more than the other. Their dad in this movie is played by Eric Lutes, who later again stars as their dad in the short lived series So Little Time.This is a great movie for tween girls, I loved every minute of these MK&A; movies when I was a tween!
"Three musicians out of five on this effort formed Return to Forever, so you can imagine a strong resemblance to the ECM first album. I always loved Corea with Farrell, because of the pulsing sound Chick adds behind Joe's flutes, sax, etc., like rain drops or storming. Nice soprano. And ELVIN JONES! I put this up up around the ""Joe Farrell Quartet"" album, and Buster William's bass is great, so much I don't miss Mclaughlin or Dave Holland. A fresh sound, unparreled even now. It makes me want to see the Outback movie. The album cover is beautiful. Finally, the price is outstanding. Before Joe tried funky disco sounds and lost his way."
I read this book as a kid but that was long enough ago that reading it again was like discovering it for the first time. This is probably the best known of all of the Sherlock Holmes stories and it it really deserves it's classic status. It is a gripping tale mixing crime investigation with a touch of the supernatural and is after 100 years still a page-turner. Arthur Conan Doyle helped start a genre that continues to entertain as evidenced by the countless crime novels and detective shows on TV. Despite the potential overexposure Sherlock Holmes and Dr Watson still seem relevant and the deductive reasoning Holmes employs to solve the mystery of the Hound Of The Baskervilles is so entertaining that I read this in one day, unable to put it aside. Crime solving raised to a high art form never gets old.
The first paragraph or so , it was like Mrs. Rinaldi you can do better but as I read on I was like I take that back. I totally fell into the Washington D.C. backdrop. If I had to recommend this book to a person I'd also tell them this: you can't stop at just one of her books.
"Every so often I find a story that is so authentic in the revealing of its characters, that I find myself wondering about them when I'm finished. ""How is Francie?"" I think to myself...""Is Katie happy?"" I wonder...""Does Neely sing just like his father?""...as if they are real, and their lives continued somewhere in the cosmos after I finished the last page. This is one such book. Although I found the everyday drudgery of the Nolans just trying to survive a bit tiring, I would often chastise myself with the thought that ""This is very real for many people, even today..."" The crisis of poverty and hunger remains with us, and I was struck by my own frivolity as I watched the Nolans struggle to save every single penny. I wonder if I had read this book at a younger age, would my lifestyle have been any different? It is well worth the occasional struggle to complete this novel...for I believe it will impact you internally."
This is an excellent DVD. The music is fantastic, the singer is great and the musicians are the best. I highly recommend it!
"This is the wonderfully engaging tale of how Bugliosi successfully prosecuted the Manson Family for the August 1969 murders. However, if you wish to learn a lot about the backgrounds of the ""family"" members, this is not the book for you. This book is from a law-enforcement point of view. If you pick up this book hoping to learn about Manson and his philosophy, you'll be disappointed. However, if you want to know how the players were implicated and prosecuted, there's no better book."
An exciting science fiction novel that pushes the limits of scientific imagination. Mr. Reynolds has a Phd in Astronomy and worked for The European Space Agency for 13 years. Now, he is a full time science fiction writer. This novel explores behavior of humans when presented with arduous undertakings and reveals our darkest fears and how we try to cope with them in our unique way. In a science fiction frame, Reynolds tries to state that what is wired in us is not pure evil or pure goodness but a mix of them both. How much of each component you have in you will determine your course of actions and makes who you are. Because I'm a total geek, I loved it. Give it try and you might love it too. @shakirbahzad
I use this phone holder every day on my commute, in conjunction with an auto charger and hands-free earset. I find it indispensable in securely fastening the phone in place, yet easily removable. It makes one-hand dialing easy, and I don't have to worry about the phone sliding around because of sudden turns or stops. One word of note: it doesn't accept the use of oversize extended-life batteries.
We purchased this game a year ago and my girls still love to play it. Lot's of activities, they love to decorate the floats and watch the parade.
Rec'd co2 alarm 2 weeks ago. It seems to be working fine. Feel much better having this new alarm installed as our last one was no longer functioning.
i bought this for my brother for Christmas. i chose it because i own one myself and i know it was a good product. now he doesnt have to borrow mine all the time.
"many people give 5 stars in a rather nonchalant manner completly nulling the value of the prestigious 5. This cd is the most essential black metal album I've ever come across. I do not sheepishly just ""give"" the five star rating, I stand by my rating proudly for all to see. THIS IS THE ONE! EPIC! also I do not listen to garbage black metal like most so you can trust my opinion. This album drives a sword through the pu@#y a!@ bellies of all other pu%$y a#@ bands. HAH HAH HAHp.s. kill nevermore"
This is an excellent follow-up score to TOY STORY. Randy Newman does it yet again for Walt Disney Pictures & PIXAR. And once again, Walt Disney Pictures has crafted a wonderful story with top-notch animation and a stellar cast. The positive messages about friendship and the importance of family are even stronger this go-round. Buy the TOY STORY movies AND the soundtracks. They complement each other.
This was heart-rending and displayedthe same finesse at fully roundedcharacters with their issues. The priest'sdiscoveries and how he dealt with themwere particularly poignant.
Several times over the years I've tried to read this..but every time it just didnt catch my interest enough....still,i was pretty sure at some point it Might be worth trying again..... So after many years i finally downloaded it to kindle and wow, it was terrific... Now i'm hooked on reading the entire series. Try it, YOU might love it too!
"The Third Secret is a timely piece of fiction by Steve Berry. The book is about alleged appearances by the Virgin Mary throughout the last 100 years. Father Colin Michener, the Papal Secretary, is brought into a potential conspiracy by his mentor, Pope Clement. We find that there has been a conspiracy by past Popes to cover up a part of ""The Third"" Secret"", which is part of a Marian appearance. This secret part would allegedly contradict present church doctrine.This is a nice work of fiction, based on a good bit of truth. If you like Dan Brown, you will enjoy this book."
Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore make a great couple! the storyline promises greatness but it's even better! After the intial fun of such a subject (drew's character has no short term memory) they get to the meaningful part of the movie and just makes your heart fly it's so great! A must for everyone!!
Pampers are the best for your little ones. The diaper absorb the moisture very well and keep kids skin dry. Surely recommend it.
Purchased this book knowing full well it was outdated, but for a beginner in PDF forms this was and is and excellent purchase. Came through quickly and in Excellent condition. I would recommend this book to anybody who is starting out creating and making forms more user friendly. Great Job, can't wait till the next book gets released... please put it on Kindle, Nook and iPad versions as well as Print.
"The is the very first book that I have read by Alan Cook. The book started off slow but didn't remain that way. It was a good fun read. I had issues at certain parts. 1)Tony is a mid 30's male that sometimes is lusting after a soon to be 18 years old female. Wrong. Wrong. Wrong. Even though their relationship was platonic, her mother not knowing him pretty much allowed him to have free rein with her. 2) What appears to me to be the gratuitous reference to 911. 3) Having a character who has never spoken with, had history or experience with the ""nanny"" in this story allude to a nanny in California being a Spanish speaker. Not all nannies are Spanish speakers. Not all nannies speak Spanish. These are a few of the instances where I shook my head.Overall it's not a bad book. It was fun. I plan to read more by Alan Cook."
We bought this DVD[ASIN:B00005JPH2 The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian] right before the holidays. So far, my family has watched at least half a dozen times. On one of our 7 hours drive to a ski resort, my kids (13 and 12 yrs old) watched both of the Narnia DVD (White Witch and Prince Caspian) back to back. They really liked both DVDs, though my daughter think that the first DVD (White witch) has a prettier Narnia (snow, everything).The Prince Caspian DVD add a bit Shakespear drama to the story. The actors are very good, especially the one playing Miraz.Highly recommend this to any Narnia fans!
We know the feel of Monk. When we walk down a rainy 1 am night, scatting Monk standards, we know the feel of Monk. Mcrae makes those doos and das into lyrics without changing the sentiment we had all along. And with ole' George on bass, bringing up the bottom along with Mcrae, well, two stars just for the names. Great songs, great interpretation, great album- -NV
